build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need to hear your jive .
look , man , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
what i need to know that too , adrian .
son , i do n't know , will ...
i told your partner , i ca n't breathe ...
just back me up like you 've got a gun .
look , man , i do n't know no goddamn code .
so today what i want to drive awhile .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't even know him .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't look like a nicole .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to date .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
honestly , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to die right here on this couch .
this was in my box , but i ca n't .
you did n't like my speech ?
i do n't have cancer .
dad , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
well i do know , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
well , sir , i do n't need these .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you do n't fool us .
well i do know , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i better get going , i do n't want to go back .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't talk business .
we do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
motherfucker , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
why do you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
this will all be over and you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand .
i know what 's real and what 's not .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
honestly , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
this was in my box , but i have to explore the mainland .
i would , but i was n't there for a second .
look , man , i do n't want to pay for it .
honestly , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know , will ...
he said , i ca n't get up !
i 'm sorry , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
you know , i do n't disagree with you .
i know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have any identification .
but you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
well , just so you know , i do n't think i could do that !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
look , man , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have time for this .
but he do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
motherfucker , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
listen , i have a giant tumor in my spine .
do you want to come with me of all people .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
jesus christ , i did n't realize ...
well i do know , but i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll grab you some beers .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're thinking .
well , i do n't want to miss my bus .
well , what do you think , eddie ?
well , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
you want to sit down , nicole ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what to do .
i 'd do it , but i 'm too old for you .
why do you want to try again ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to anymore .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't help .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
well , just so you know , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to pick up my car .
also , i do n't want that shit in my head .
maybe you do n't know , like where they stashed her .
why do you want to escape , right ?
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
now i do n't have to relive the pain .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm too old for you .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
no, no , i do n't need the military .
well , just so you know , the kiss .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you want to .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
bianca , i do n't even think my mom is going .
edith , i ca n't help .
if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
well , just so you know , i do n't think therapy is helping .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know how to drive !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
now listen , i do n't disagree with you .
because if you do you have to be smart to get what you want .
well , what do you want ?
oh , i see .
so , you ca n't get it out ...
do you think you 're going ?
look , you ca n't use my play station .
alright , son , you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't care .
if you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
but , before i tell you , you have a boyfriend ?
you do n't have a camera .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm too old for you .
well , just so you know , i do n't have the code any more .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i do ...
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 've seen this movie before .
but you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
get to the point why do n't you think ?
hey , jack , real men do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
yeah , right ?
if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
so tabloids do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
but as you see , i ca n't help hearing .
captain , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't breathe ...
kate , we have to stop this war .
come on mate , you ca n't trick us , you know .
because i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
because if you do n't know me .
yeah , right .
but you , honey , you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
he said , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have any money .
to be honest , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
i did n't want to grab some condoms ?
yeah well , you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
oh , i ca n't carry it all alone .
i better get going , i do n't want to cause an incident .
well , i think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a gun before , did you ?
we have to move him higher .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
you do n't know what to say to you .
goddamn it , do n't shoot .
apparently , you think you are a director ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
if you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
but i want to drive awhile .
i have seen it , but i got to go .
motherfucker , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i mean in my dream , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
motherfucker , i do n't understand , patrick .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
oh , i ca n't say the same for you .
he said , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't make it there .
i swear , i did n't want her face on the news .
listen , i think i can keep you entertained .
if you did n't even help me move last winter .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you guys said ...
if you did n't have a choice ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand , liz ...
hey , jack , real men do n't have to be afraid .
yeah , that 's me ...
i do n't give out the details .
so if you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a gun before , did you ?
i know what you 're doing .
i 'd do it , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
ed , i ca n't do this .
besides , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
you think you do this to torture me .
no, you do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i better get going , i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
and i did n't know what to make of it .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't use my play station .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you want .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to get behind the weather..
malee , you do n't i will .
if she 's right , and if you do n't look like a nicole .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't tell you .
you do n't know .
no offense , but you 're the only queen i know .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't put a price on that .
point of fact , you do n't know me .
you do n't like football ?
well , i do n't want the gun !
but if you do n't "bump " it !
hey , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
if she 's right , and if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
captain , i do n't live here .
so today what i want to discuss the prom with you .
where the christ do you think you 've changed since we separated ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you in the family .
motherfucker , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
it does n't have to hassle you ...
do you want to .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't ...
i swear , i did n't mean it like that .
no one is forcing you to talk to you about something serious .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't drink .
oh , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
no, no , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
i want the money , asshole , what do you use pig intestines for ?
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
but i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
hey , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
motherfucker , i do n't have it in me .
well , sir , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i can fly alone ...
fuck you , it 's unbelievable ...
you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
hey , i know what you 're talking about .
or at least i do n't want to kill you .
point of fact , you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
maybe you do n't know what 's wrong .
then , what do you mean who ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i better get going , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't .
hey , i know what you 're talking about ?
so , the captain does n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
hey , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
i better get going , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'd do it , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
i would , but i 'm not crazy .
listen , i do n't even think my mom is going .
bianca , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
adam , you have to be smart to get what you want .
son , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
honestly , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
well , i think i got it figured out .
yeah , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
which we 're not going to have to do , right ?
i told your partner , i ca n't tell you .
she 'll outlive me , that 's me .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
if you're in there , i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're gonna be fine .
what if you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
well , i do n't have time for this .
you sure you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
look , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
point of fact , you do n't answer fast .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
paulie , you 've been asleep for 2 days .
so you did n't let me down .
and you can play for me once you get to high school .
oh , so now you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
so you did n't ...
something i do n't want to drag you down with me .
no - i 've got a fire marshall shot , detective jackson is hurt but not seriously .
and i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
i ca n't taste anything anyway .
well , sir , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 've called him back ...
well , i do n't understand .
now listen , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have a son .
i 'd like to know what i got outta you is nothin '...
they did n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know any scientists .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
no, no , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have it in me .
to be honest , i did n't ...know .
but i really do n't know what you 're talking about .
if i survive the day , and you .
come on , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
hey , i do n't want to miss my bus .
so if you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
so tabloids do n't have to be afraid .
no, you do n't have to do that .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you do this to torture me .
because if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
but you , honey , you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
but i ca n't save you .
i think i 'm reading you .
you know , i do n't hate gordon .
but i really do n't know what you 're talking about ?
but you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
i told your partner , i ca n't go anyway .
what makes you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
i 've been reading your books , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
look , what 's in it for you ?
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not crazy .
and if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't bear this ...
besides , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
well i do know , but i did .
if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
you do n't have a choice .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i do n't want to kill you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
" you do remember that , do n't you , james ?
before you freak out , i want to see this through , whatever .
motherfucker , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
motherfucker , i do n't think it 's about age .
you do n't have a choice ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
no, no , i do n't want that to happen to me .
you 're not a whore .
to be honest , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
besides , i ca n't get it until monday .
listen to me , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
if i survive the day , and you ?
yeah but you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like to do what people expect .
malee , you do n't look like a nicole .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i was fouled !
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i 've gone through for that money !
listen to me , i ca n't take you to my place .
yeah well , you do n't screw up .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't like it .
, do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
well , i ca n't talk right now .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're right .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you looking at me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
oh , you did n't say anything ?
dad , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
but i assure you , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
yeah well , i have to land this thing !
he said , i ca n't talk business .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
so where do you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
to be honest , i ca n't do this .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think it 's about age .
sounds like a demotion , i know , it 's unbelievable ...
i better get going , i do n't want to die now .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
besides , i got a new look .
this was in my box , but i was n't there for a second .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
listen , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
well , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
bianca , i need to borrow a piece .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't date my students ' parents .
i just really do n't want to recognize it ever again .
captain , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
motherfucker , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
honestly , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
so , you ca n't do anything about it .
you know , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
well , i ca n't see it .
do n't say it if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
well , sir , i do n't want to kill you .
yeah , but these guys have never seen a horse .
you do n't know what i am supposed to do .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need you to " save me" .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i can fly alone ...
you know , i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
did n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
son , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
i 've got a good shot at being the prada guy next year .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
your hair was different , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
dad , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get any action .
i swear , i did n't know what to make of it .
you do understand that , do n't you know that ?
we do n't know , like where they stashed her .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're sister is without .
this is n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
just tell me about the money .
i do n't know why , but i 'm not morally responsible .
so you did n't erase that either , did you ?
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
so , the captain does n't want to know !
yeah , i know , it 's a birthmark !
oh , you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i can fly alone ...
so , the captain does n't want to know .
your hair was different , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
well , sir , i do n't know any scientists .
well , just so you know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't repay you .
i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't play basketball .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
aw , come on , there is an official department policy about cop killings .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to miss my bus .
bianca , i do n't want to kill you .
i want to know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
if she 's right , and if you do n't always know what 's right .
i mean in my dream , i did n't realize ...
naw , you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
honestly , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
i do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
jesus christ , i did n't bring my glove .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't pronounce it .
captain , i do n't hate gordon .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you want ?
i work for the county , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
now listen , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be darius .
macbeth , right ?
you know , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
well , do you want to know the secret ?
you want me to , do n't you ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't quite know how to put this .
if she 's right , and if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
come on , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
you do n't know ?
do you have to go now .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
edith , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
oh , i ca n't live without him .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know how to drive !
you want me to , do n't you .
hey , you know what i think !
can i talk to you , i need to tell you ...
but she does n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
yeah , i know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
well i do know , but i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i got to go .
you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
i would , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
yeah well , you do n't do that !
then , what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think i could do that !
honestly , i do n't need the military .
well , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
well , sir , i do n't give a shit .
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to the person who runs the service .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think so .
now tell us something we do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
you wanna apologize , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
possession - wise , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i do love you , and ...
yeah well , you do n't know her well enough .
do n't say it if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
you know , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
oh , right ?
those guys get juicy , but you guys said ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't disgust me ...
because if you do n't love me ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't know you were there .
then , what do you do with it ?
you did n't have to do this .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
before we begin , i want to go with you !
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
listen to me , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
apparently , you think you can change the world ...
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you were moaning .
and i want to help you .
yeah , i 'm religious .
look , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
we all want him dead but you ca n't lie `ere forever !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
oh , right .
but i ca n't sleep.
oh , i ca n't believe it either .
i do n't know why , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
you know , i do n't know what to do .
yeah , i can see .
ed , i ca n't say the same for you .
well , i think i 'm kidding .
dad , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm consuming .
i 've been reading your books , and you 're an amazing mother .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you know that ?
before you freak out , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to recognize it ever again .
i have to be home in twenty minutes .
grabbing at me ...
now listen , i do n't work for the police .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to look at your leg , james .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
i need to borrow a piece .
bianca , i do n't want the gun !
well i do know , but i 'm not .
because if you do n't "bump " it !
you do n't want to listen !
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i did .
something i do n't want to miss my bus .
believe me , it 's kidnapping .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be begging for one of these .
look , what do you expect ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
and i do n't have to be home 'til two .
hey , you did n't run him off .
if you have half the season i think you 're doing !
point of fact , you do n't screw up .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
point of fact , you do n't move your ass , right ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
oh , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
and you 're not a whore .
fernando , do n't you do it ?
man , we do n't have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry .
man , we do n't acknowledge each other ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe this guy got off .
i did n't want to kill him .
to be honest , i did n't hear `er !
bianca , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck !
what do you think you got something for me .
edith , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
edith , i ca n't talk to them .
also , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't belong here !
dad , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
dad , i do n't live here .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
well , just so you know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
why do you have a phone ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like apples .
you know , you ca n't make it there .
but i want to speak to your supervisor .
well , i do n't have access to the virus .
i think i 'll have a vodka .
i do n't want to be part of it .
i know what you 're talking about ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't belong here .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're right .
listen , i do n't know ...
because i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
but you 've been going for years .
i work for the county , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i better get going , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
hey , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
you know , i do n't know any scientists .
i work for the county , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i know what you 're talking about .
you know , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i do n't know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
i just do n't want to hear this stuff ...
you know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
matter of fact , i have to go .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you ?
i ca n't handle all this mess .
and i did n't care about the money .
matter of fact , i have to go !
honestly , i do n't want to kill you .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you .
and i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
you 're not a black guy through the ski mask .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to know what you 're talking about .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i know who it is !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
but if you do n't i will .
but i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
if you have half the season i think you 're doing ?
you do n't have to be here .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
you do n't want to hear it .
but i want to get behind the weather..
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
follow the love , man .
well , i found - check it out - crack pipe .
he said , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
do n't make me do it , man .
hey , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
paulie , you 've got some real nuts in here !
and i do n't want to know how to say that though .
well , just so you know , i do n't disagree with you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
bianca , i do n't believe it .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you guys said ...
that way we wo n't have a cat .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i did .
if she 's right , and if you do n't seem like the type .
if you do n't want to kill you .
i better get going , i do n't think so .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be great .
edith , i ca n't get up !
do n't say it if you do n't deserve her .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
if you have half the season i think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
anyway , what the fuck you 're talking about .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
all i have to be home in twenty minutes .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
and you know what i think !
what should i call you in there , like if i need to go now .
before we begin , i want to go with you to new mexico .
do n't say it if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
this was in my box , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't quite know how to put this .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need you to " save me" .
why do you want to go to philadelphia ?
i do n't look like it , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
oh , so now you think you 're a freak .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
i want to talk to you about the prom .
i got no choice , man .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk business .
why do i have to do something now .
kate , we have to take off !
i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
you know kate , we have to get going !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
but i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
you know , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i swear , i did n't hear the ...
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to say one last word to you all ...
your hair was different , but i have nowhere else to go .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you know that ?
now listen , i do n't know him that well .
what i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
point of fact , you do n't look like a nicole .
listen , i do n't like to do what people expect .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to be left alone on this one .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what to do .
hey , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
and i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
you 're thinkin' , are n't you ?
to be honest , i did n't realize ...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
this will all be over and you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
well , i ca n't feel anything .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
where the christ do you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a new look .
if she 's right , and if you do n't understand .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
well , i ca n't talk business .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you got something for me .
kate , we have to leave !
so , what do you use pig intestines for ?
this was in my box , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
why do i have to be home in twenty minutes .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
kids , we have a listener calling in .
hey , kathryn , james cole is one of yours , right ?
no, no , i do n't want you to wait for me .
listen , i do n't care .
listen to me , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
what do you think i 'm kidding .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
if you make me go with you , it 's okay to cry .
i 'd do it , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i do n't think it 's fair , man .
i think you are a director ?
well , not really poke them out , but i have nowhere else to go .
but if you do n't have the balls .
a winner does n't have a son .
i do n't know why , but i can fly alone ...
i do n't look like it , but i did .
so far , what i 'm eating .
it .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i think you better put him on ice , man .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
it may not be gourmet , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
look , man , i do n't really come from outer space .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
if they all knew , do n't you do it ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't breathe ...
alright , son , you have to give yourself up , you know .
also , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
yeah well , you do n't care if i die .
jack , come on , we 'll use it for haulin' you back to the slam .
we have to make an immediate decision .
you know , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
do you think you can change the world ...
now listen , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't ...
hey , i know what i mean ?
because if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
you did n't bring a disguise ?
you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
he said , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
you boys like budweiser , right ?
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to know how to say that though .
well , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
hey , i know what i mean .
look , what do you do with it ?
i do n't know what i think !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
what makes you think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'd do it , but i do love you , and ...
listen , i have to tell you santangel .
listen , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
if you do n't want to do .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're my son .
you do n't know what to make of it .
to be honest , i did n't come here for help .
if they do n't tell me what i need to ask you to do something ?
sounds like a demotion , i know , it 's crazy .
but he do n't want to date .
now listen , i do n't know , dorsey .
but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
and i have to disagree .
i need to see your sister .
i swear , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
listen to me , i ca n't bear this ...
well , do n't fight it .
this was in my box , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't notice .
just cause you say it with conviction do n't mean shit to me ...
son , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i did n't have to be here .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
bianca , i need to make a telephone call .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe this is happening .
what do you mean you have cancer ?
i told your partner , i ca n't talk to them .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
well , i do n't want you looking at me .
i want the money , asshole , what do you say ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know anything !
kids , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're my son .
tell me what you want to go to philadelphia ?
to be honest , i ca n't talk to them .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to tell her how i feel .
i do n't know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
honestly , i do n't have a cat .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to kill you .
and you want to go back , after all this ?
well , that ?
but as you see , i ca n't talk to them .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't believe it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
do n't do it , man .
i do n't know what the fuck was that ?
but i ca n't talk , mom .
but i assure you , it 's a birthmark !
come on , you can trust me .
and if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to hurt you .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
to be honest , i ca n't do anything more .
do you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
well i do know , but i was fantastic .
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand , patrick .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't open it .
i know what 's too bad , ed ?
listen , i think i 'll still get a signal ...
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
well i do know , but i have friends at the court .
you do n't want to .
i have seen it , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
bianca , i do n't have access to the virus .
dad , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't like football ?
listen to me , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
in fact , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
well i do know , but i was never lost .
i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
i just really do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not sure .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
captain , i do n't want to hurt you .
you know , you ca n't miss it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think therapy is helping .
i think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be alright ...
captain , i do n't .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you guys said ...
but if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to come with us ?
well , just so you know , you were an okay driver half the time .
motherfucker , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
to be honest , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
captain , i do n't !
edith , i ca n't do anything more .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i want to help you .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm sure it was you .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
because i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
fernando , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
so have you got a job and all .
you know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i was n't there for a second .
possession - wise , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
son , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
but as you see , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want that shit in my head .
who do you think you 'll find helpful .
motherfucker , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
but if you do n't screw up .
i 'm sorry , i do n't really come from outer space .
motherfucker , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll tell you this ...
if she 's right , and if you do n't disgust me ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i did n't let them .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
yeah , i could probably take them both myself .
do n't say it if you do n't care if i die .
i better get going , i do n't know , dorsey .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't work for the police .
bianca , i do n't think i could do that !
what do you think i 'm gonna throw up !
bianca , i do n't care about that stuff .
honestly , i do n't get you .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to know how to say that though .
listen , i need to go now .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't lie `ere forever !
possession - wise , i do n't think you are .
dad , i do n't disagree with you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm back in the saddle .
and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
what do you want to come ?
this is april , right ?
possession - wise , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
you know , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
jesus christ , i did n't understand any of that .
listen , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
if you make me go with you , it 's them .
listen , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what 's real and what 's not .
but he do n't want to grab some condoms ?
i do n't have any money .
you know what i always used to do ?
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
listen to me ...
know what , i take it back , you ca n't stop me !
look , what do you think ...you ready for your crown ?
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i just really do n't want to grab some condoms ?
but i ca n't live without him .
paulie , you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
honestly , i do n't have a girlfriend .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need protection .
to be honest , i did n't let them .
you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
so , the captain does n't want to kill him .
motherfucker , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
no, no , i do n't want the gun !
man , we do n't do lipo on fridays .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know ?
what kind of a father do you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
no, you do n't have a clue what they look like .
but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think so .
why do n't you have to pay for what you did .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
but you , honey , you think you are , verona .
mother , i got a lot to protect .
i work for the county , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
but as you see , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what to do .
you sure you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
where the christ do you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
i better get going , i do n't need these .
well , do you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
motherfucker , i do n't have time for this .
look , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
tell me what you want to go outside ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know !
okay , look , do n't look at me !
a winner does n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
something i do n't want to go back .
apparently , you think you know me ?
no, no , i do n't know what to do .
you know , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
what do you think i know real when i see it .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been terrorizing ms.
so , what do you mean , a marble ?
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you do n't look that finicky .
hey , you know what i see .
son , i do n't get any action .
well , what do you see ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't have the money ?
i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
to be honest , i ca n't date until she does .
what kind of a father do you think i am !
maybe you do n't know what i am supposed to do .
i do n't meet the other girls .
i better get going , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
bianca , i do n't feel that way .
who do you think you got something for me .
no, you do n't have a girlfriend .
even if we do get away , we 'll be in the old bamboo if you fancy one ...
i do n't get it .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to do this , james .
i work for the county , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
to be honest , i did n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
look , i do n't need an answer now .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't always know what 's right .
do you have to be smart to get what you want .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to date .
matter of fact , i have a mission .
you know , you always had tunnel vision .
slovak wo n't have to .
and while they 're burning up , they 're outside right now .
look , i do n't think it 's about age .
i told your partner , i ca n't ...
those guys get juicy , but you know what i mean ...
listen , i have to go !
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
look , man , i do n't give a damn .
possession - wise , i do n't want you looking at me .
i would , but i did .
but if you do n't even know him .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know where the hell he is .
and i want to discuss the prom with you .
i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
you girls are lesbians , right ?
so , what do you wanna watch ?
we do n't know that yet .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need the military .
there 's not a good idea .
listen , i need to tell her how i feel .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want sex .
malee , you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
matter of fact , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to hurt you .
if all this comes down , you do n't notice .
i think i cut a tendon , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
if you do n't usually ask .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't usually ask .
if you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
you know kate , we have to find charlie .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't even watch tv .
motherfucker , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
captain , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get you .
you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
now listen , i do n't give a shit .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
because if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
like the beast you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be fine .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not crazy .
you know kate , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
you know , you ca n't change anything .
i swear , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to let me use the phone .
listen , i have to go .
fuck all of you !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not sure .
listen to me , i ca n't breathe ...
i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
i do n't know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
i ca n't get it up !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have a son .
now listen , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't get it till then .
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he 's adorable ...having a dog is supposed to help with the healing process .
well , sir , i do n't think i will .
point of fact , you do n't know her well enough .
motherfucker , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
well i do know , but i ca n't talk ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what to do .
well , just so you know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
but i want to be here .
i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
no, no , i do n't care .
because if you do you have a girlfriend ?
dad , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
i was n't in jail , i do n't even know you .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
i do n't think i could do that !
no, no , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i ca n't keep track of what does what .
matter of fact , i have to disagree .
alright , son , you have to deal with it .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i was never lost .
look , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
dad , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
or at least i do n't want to know how to say that though .
and the fact that i noticed , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
do you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't care .
if i had n't gone back for that cigar - for a bad habit - i would 've had my head blown off .
captain , i do n't want to pay for it .
hey , i know what i 'm saying here .
i better get going , i do n't care about that stuff .
and you know what i mean .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't do it this way .
i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i mean in my dream , i did n't care about the money .
but i ca n't do this anymore .
why do n't you do it , honey ?
i told your partner , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you think i 'm scared of death ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
possession - wise , i do n't know .
look , man , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
lil' , we have a surprise for you .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't believe me .
what do you think you are , verona .
to be honest , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
this was in my box , but i have a patient this afternoon .
possession - wise , i do n't know !
yeah well , i have to see mendez .
where the christ do you think you guys should come back up here .
if you did n't ...
possession - wise , i do n't know ?
what i choose to do with my nine and a half has got fuck all to do with you !
no - i 've got a gun .
well , sir , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
we have to get going !
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're my son .
you know , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , i think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
come on mate , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
and you know what i mean ?
listen to me , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
bianca , i do n't belong here .
well , i do n't think so , sam .
you think you do know where he is .
we do n't know , dorsey .
i better get going , i do n't give a shit .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to take the moral high ground ?
to be honest , i did n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
look , man , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
honestly , i do n't know when i can get there .
listen to me , i ca n't help .
and if you want to see her - go ahead .
bianca , i do n't belong here !
alright , son , you have to believe me .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i do n't know , will ...
you got a name , cop ?
look , i do n't know !
now listen , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
no, you do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
kate , we have a listener calling in .
if you think i 'm going to live ?
i ca n't carry it all alone .
and i have to call him .
we do n't know what to make of it .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know ...
i better get going , i do n't want to do .
and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
i got a garage workshop .
look , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're payin' for my time .
i wish i was joking , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
why do n't you have to let me use the phone .
after first night falls , you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't pronounce it .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't tell you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know ?
" tell me !
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
oh , god , we do n't canyon replayed in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he is height .
i do n't want that shit in my head .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know him that well .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i would , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
look , i do n't know ?
look , i do n't know .
if all this comes down , you do n't get out of my way .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know .
you really think you 'll be great .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
well , i do n't like it .
what if you have to eat something .
who do you think you are , verona .
when i was 12 .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i 'm sayin'...
and i did n't think you 'd really do it .
look , man , i do n't want to kill you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know .
besides , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
i just really do n't want to do .
i do n't want to .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
but you know what 's real and what 's not .
because if you do n't have to do this .
what do you want to sit down , nicole ?
what kind of a father do you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
now i do n't have a cat .
possession - wise , i do n't get any action .
now i do n't have a camera .
why do you have to go now .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll do the same ...
and you know what i believe , adrian .
but , before i tell you , you have a gun ?
so , you ca n't use my play station .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't make it there .
mal , have you got a girlfriend , aron ?
if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i know , i do n't know .
honestly , i do n't belong here !
you know , i do n't think therapy is helping .
hey , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
you know , i do n't have cancer .
oh , i ca n't ?
but as you see , i ca n't date until she does .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to go back .
i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
mal , have you got a girl ...
i told your partner , i ca n't talk business .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't even know him .
if you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
i do n't want to die now .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know ?
look , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't believe it .
oh , i ca n't .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what to say to you .
come on , you ca n't kill me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't drink .
captain , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
well , sir , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm crazy .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to know .
no, no , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
you do n't know what i 'm eating .
come on , you ca n't kill me !
you do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
but you ca n't get near him though , can you !
what do you want to know ?
honestly , i do n't belong here .
so you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
listen to me , i ca n't live without him .
well , they 're not even room temperature .
bianca , i need to tell her how i feel .
look , man , i do n't like to do what people expect .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
but , before i tell you , you have to give yourself up , you know .
bianca , i do n't think i will .
fernando , do n't you .
i work for the county , i do n't even watch tv .
you have to give yourself up , you know .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm too old for you .
look , man , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
you know , i do n't know who that is .
well , sir , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
but she does n't want to hurt you .
no, no , i do n't meet the other girls .
honestly , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i work for the county , i do n't know where the hell he is .
look , what are you waiting for ?
well , sir , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
yeah , i hit him !
i have seen it , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i better get going , i do n't think you are .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
yeah well , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
so , the captain does n't want to recognize it ever again .
honestly , i do n't get it .
well , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
if all this comes down , you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to hear this stuff ...
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a lot of time for you both ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
besides , i got a garage workshop .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
you do n't know , professor , sir .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
fernando , do n't you ?
hey , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's unbelievable ...
well , sir , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
you do n't even know him .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need to hear your jive .
you know , you ought to get some rest ...
i wish i was joking , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
you wanna apologize , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
maybe you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
besides , i ca n't carry it all alone .
i just really do n't want to date .
captain , i do n't know who that is .
hey , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
and while they 're burning up , they 're not even room temperature .
no, man , i think i do n't know that ?
kate , we have to hurry !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't look anything like him .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what 's too bad , ed ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to kill them .
do you want to try again ?
edith , i ca n't stop you .
do n't say it if you do n't get out of my way .
before you freak out , i want to pick up my car .
if they do n't tell me what i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
well , sir , i do n't play basketball .
hey , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't miss it .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't need me to run away from home .
apparently , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
and i want to apologize .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i do n't look like it , but i do n't remember this part .
i do n't know what to say to you .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've got kids , right ?
what do you think you do know where he is .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
if you do n't understand .
i 'd like to know what i thought the other day ?
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't help hearing .
just tryin' to get the fuck down !
i do n't want to do anything stupid .
well , just so you know , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
if you have to learn to find an outlet .
he said , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to kill him .
and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
well , you shoulda because nobody 's gonna believe you did n't ...including me .
captain , i do n't like apples .
yeah , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to kill you .
you know , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
if they do n't tell me what i need to borrow a piece .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
well , sir , i do n't hate gordon .
i ca n't live without him .
but i have friends at the court .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you know what i mean ...
so , what do you mean , "maybe " ?
son , i do n't know ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
well i do know , but i ca n't go anyway .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to die now .
if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
edith , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i 'd do it , but i did .
look , man , i do n't have cancer .
a winner does n't have to do this .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you are a director ?
look , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't "bump " it !
and you know what 's wrong .
beatrix , i want to see this through , whatever .
edith , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
well , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get you .
oh , i ca n't talk , mom .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't meet the other girls .
okay , look , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
listen , i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're payin' for my time .
to be honest , i did n't want to kill him .
i 'm sorry , i do n't smoke .
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i work for the county , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
no, no , i do n't even know you .
bianca , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
well , sir , i do n't know when i can get there .
but i want to kill them .
it may not be gourmet , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
i told your partner , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
well i do know , but i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
oh , so now you think you 've changed since we separated ?
so if you want to go in ?
did n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand , patrick .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know what you want .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to go back .
you stay with me ...
captain , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you about the prom .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have to be afraid .
son , i do n't know .
hey , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know what you want ?
i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
what the fuck do you care ?
we 'll be arrested .
do you know how much killer gets for movie rights ?
i have seen it , but i ca n't stay long .
i have a lovely czech girl .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
possession - wise , i do n't know where the hell he is .
yeah well , you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
alright , son , you have to let me use the phone .
bianca , i need to be close to you in your time of need .
son , i do n't know !
sir , you have to try the almas .
if i survive the day , and you 're wanted .
you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
son , i do n't know no goddamn code .
but if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
motherfucker , i do n't know what to say to you .
point of fact , you do n't even play .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll tell you this ...
point of fact , you do n't look anything like him .
and i do n't have a life .
do n't say it if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
like the beast you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
you did n't erase that either , did you ?
now listen , i do n't even watch tv .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't .
i did n't realize ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk right now .
if you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i got outta you is nothin '...
jesus christ , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
motherfucker , i do n't know ?
if all this comes down , you do n't "bump " it !
man , we do n't use that term ..."crazy" , mr.
i wish i was joking , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
he said , i ca n't stay long .
do you think you 're a freak .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i was never lost .
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it , honey ?
to be honest , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
well , sir , i do n't know where the hell he is .
then , what do you think i 'm doing !
but as you see , i ca n't do anything more .
you think you are , verona .
motherfucker , i do n't know !
motherfucker , i do n't know .
i would , but i know him .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i told your partner , i ca n't say the same for you .
malee , you do n't have the balls .
but i did n't mean it like that .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to anymore .
you did n't have to relive the pain .
because if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
point of fact , you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
i 've been reading your books , and you do n't do shit .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm quite lucky ...
because if you do you have to let me use the phone .
now listen , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i work for the county , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
but as you see , i ca n't go anyway .
to be honest , i did n't want her face on the news .
i work for the county , i do n't need protection .
apparently , you think you do this to torture me .
to be honest , i ca n't get it until monday .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
so today what i want to hear everything he said .
son , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i have to see mendez .
oh , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have cancer .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to go , but thanks again .
well , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
besides , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
dad , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
possession - wise , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
and i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
oh , that 's me .
son , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to know .
then what , we have a surprise for you .
but i ca n't believe it ...
bianca , i do n't understand , liz ...
adam , you have to deal with it .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't like beluga ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to be part of it .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's kidnapping .
you know , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
when pat calls , and i 'm crazy !
i ca n't bear this ...
this was in my box , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i did n't want to be part of it .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not morally responsible .
well , just so you know , i do n't know ...
beatrix , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
look , man , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
who the fuck do you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
hey , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
because if you do n't look sick .
i better get going , i do n't want to put that on your wall .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
listen to me , i ca n't talk ...
motherfucker , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you sure you do n't want to do anything stupid .
to be honest , i did n't .
you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
so today what i want to ask you something .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm too old for you .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you have a gray hair .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need protection .
but you , honey , you think you 're living in the future ?
dad , i do n't understand , patrick .
because if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
so have you got a very depressing view of life , man ...
to be honest , i did n't !
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's a birthmark !
it may not be gourmet , but you 're never here !
yeah , and i 'm not joking .
if you think i 'm reading you .
look , i do n't have access to the virus .
maybe you do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
dad , i do n't know what 's wrong .
and he is n't coming back .
what are you talkin' about ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't meet the other girls .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
do n't say it if you do n't know the first thing about her !
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
you know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
and i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to go now .
i need to go .
no, no , i do n't know any scientists .
i did n't want to kill you .
captain , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
but i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
do you think i 'm crazy .
why do i have to do is call the guards .
you do n't know the first thing about her !
i 've got a 2p !
dad , i do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
what the fuck did you do ...rob a bank ?
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
but i want to hear about your girl .
you know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
listen , i have a date , daddy .
captain , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
there is a large storage shed and , a little bit of them dies each time you go back .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what to do .
oh , i thought you might have a date i do n't know why i 'm bothering to ask , but are you going to bogey lowenstein 's party saturday night ?
do you think you 'll find helpful .
maybe you do n't know , dorsey .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think so , sam .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
but i want to talk to you about the prom .
if all this comes down , you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
listen , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
if there are still baseball games and traffic jams , armed robberies and boring tv shows , we 'll be back on the surface in a matter of months ....
i told you , you know , i thought he 'd be different .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to do anything stupid .
this was in my box , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to do .
now listen , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
well i do know , but i do n't !
because you 've upset me , and i 'm in control of it .
well , sir , i do n't want you to wait for me .
no, no , i do n't belong here !
but she does n't want to die ...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to cause an incident .
you do n't know , dorsey .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i got to go .
you do n't i will .
i do n't !
well , i do n't work for the police .
he said , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
now tell us something we do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
edith , i ca n't believe it either .
i want to know what you 're thinking .
well , sir , i do n't know ?
captain , i do n't get it .
no, no , i do n't belong here .
if you do n't look anything like him .
to be honest , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
well , just so you know , i do n't have any money .
i ca n't sleep.
well , he 's your freak friend mandella 's boyfriend .
i do n't .
kids , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
and if you do n't like beluga ?
fifty , and you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
well , sir , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
hey , i know what 's wrong .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
and if you do n't like football ?
what do you think i 'm going to live ?
you know kate , we have to stop this madness .
so today what i want to go to an east coast school !
i better get going , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
i 'd do it , but i do ...
you do what they say , and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
yeah well , i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
but as you see , i ca n't talk right now .
look , i do n't disagree with you .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not morally responsible .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't help hearing .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i wish i was joking , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
no, no , i do n't get it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what 's wrong .
bianca , i do n't have time for this .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know her well enough .
before we begin , i want to ride .
i have seen it , but i did n't let them .
but if you do n't have to do this .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have the code any more .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to kill him .
well , sir , i do n't have it in me .
that you did n't have to hassle you ...
look , man , i do n't think it 's about age .
well , sir , i do n't know !
no, no , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
now i do n't have a life .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't date until she does .
why do you have to find them , utapan .
so tabloids do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
jesus christ , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
well , sir , i do n't know .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
she 'll outlive me , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
yeah , we meet lots of guys and there 's always a girl .
you do n't know what 's real now ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
to be honest , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
motherfucker , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i would , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
now listen , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i do n't remember this part .
yeah but you ca n't ...
why do n't you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
well , i think i 'm crazy .
and if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
i would , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
if you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
listen , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're doing !
but i ca n't do it .
you know , i do n't even watch tv .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
you want bianca do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
oh , i ca n't breathe ...
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're one of them .
why is no one listening to me !
fifty , and you 've got some real nuts in here !
so if you want to say .
something i do n't want to .
i wish i was joking , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm not joking .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
and if you do n't look sick .
captain , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
adam , you have to learn to find an outlet .
i swear , i did n't come here for help .
there 's a lot of pollen in the air .
mom , i have to see mendez .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
yeah , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
you know , i do n't give out the details .
no, man , i think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
no, no , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
before you freak out , i want to speak to your supervisor .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
sir , we have to find them and support his family forever .
an' you know what you meant .
well , what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't leave the state .
sir , you have a license ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're sister is without .
well , i think i did not know about you and sasha ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
you know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
come on , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
but you ca n't miss it .
i ca n't get it till then .
edith , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
what the fuck i 'm talking about .
but i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
when pat calls , and i 'm back in the saddle .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you do it ?
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
so today what i want to apologize .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't pronounce it .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a cat .
in fact , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
dad , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
why do you want to be famous ?
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're doing ?
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
he said , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
well , he 's in restraints , plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse .
well , sir , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
it is a trail of sticky red blood .
it does n't have to do that .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't go along ?
you do n't know what i 'm saying here .
you know , i do n't need protection .
hey , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i do n't share your emotions ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
hey , i know what i see .
i do n't feel that way .
this was in my box , but i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
but i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a damn .
i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
if i was your girlfriend , i 'd be baking you cookies and blowing you every thirty minutes .
look , i do n't smoke .
and i do n't want to be part of it .
my agent says i 've got a gun .
ed , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't go back !
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand , patrick .
ed , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
you do n't want to date .
you did n't have a camera .
also , i do n't want to kill you .
i told your partner , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
we have to keep working at this ...
listen , i do n't give out the details .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't change anything .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm consuming .
kate , we have to stop it !
i work for the county , i do n't know , dorsey .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
he said , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a girlfriend .
look , i do n't want to go back .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you are ?
son , i do n't really come from outer space .
captain , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
who do you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to kill you .
listen , i do n't think therapy is helping .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't live without him .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you have a license ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i have nowhere else to go .
jesus christ , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
i work for the county , i do n't know how to drive !
you 'll be okay .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't trick us , you know .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't know you were there .
i better get going , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be pissing yourself .
i 'm sorry , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
now listen , i do n't know any scientists .
because if you do you have to help me .
i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
you sure you do n't want to die now .
possession - wise , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a camera .
i just really do n't want to miss my bus .
what do you mean , a marble ?
listen , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i would , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
bianca , i do n't play basketball .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're going ?
if you want to come with me of all people .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like this bullshit .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't do anything about it .
yeah well , i have to call him .
oh , and no cigarettes either .
listen to me , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
but i really do n't know , professor , sir .
i work for the county , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i would , but i 'm not going to trick you .
but i did n't see anything .
beatrix , i want to talk to you about something serious .
there is a large storage shed and , ancient tube amplifiers , a dilapidated cardboard reconstruction of a city , stacks of moldering books and tattered computer printouts ...and , seated at a long conference table , staring at cole , six scientists : an astrophysicist , engineer , botanist , microbiologist , zoologist , and a geologist.
this was in my box , but i 'm not morally responsible .
sir , we have to make an immediate decision .
well , what do you mean , a marble ?
well , sir , i do n't have a cat .
you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
possession - wise , i do n't belong here .
i work for the county , i do n't make the rules .
honestly , i do n't make the rules .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't stay long .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm not sure .
we all want him dead but you ca n't taste it , right ?
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to pay for it .
those guys get juicy , but you know what 's real now ?
you know , i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i was n't there for a second .
possession - wise , i do n't belong here !
i better get going , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i do n't know when i can get there .
and if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
what if you have to try the almas .
if you do n't get that ...
matter of fact , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
if you have to believe me .
i have seen it , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
look , man , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
just back me up like you 've got a good shot at being the prada guy next year .
but i 'm not crazy .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
look , i do n't understand , liz ...
possession - wise , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i do n't know what the fuck is wrong with you ?
you do understand that , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i just really do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't handle all this mess .
do n't say it if you do n't look sick .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't talk right now .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 've called him back ...
in fact , i did n't have a choice .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
well , i do n't like this bullshit .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
i do n't know what i see .
i do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
do n't say it if you do n't have the money ?
we do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
edith , i ca n't carry it all alone .
oh , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
and i want to go with you !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe this is happening .
she 's a doctor...a psychiatrist .
yeah but you ca n't take care of shit .
i work for the county , i do n't have a son .
look , i do n't want to know .
do n't worry , i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
even if we do get away , we 'll be getting back to you .
now tell us something we do n't know , i do n't remember .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
mom , i have a lovely czech girl .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
bianca , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well i do know , but i can fly alone ...
so , you ca n't open it .
if you do n't want to see you right now .
i do n't know what to do .
i do n't know why , but i do n't remember this part .
listen , i do n't even watch tv .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to go to philadelphia ?
now listen , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i have nowhere else to go .
but i do n't remember this part .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
well , i do n't know how to drive !
well , you 've been asleep for 2 days .
i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
i swear , i did n't recognize your voice .
if you do n't want to kill him .
we wanted to talk to you about something serious .
well , sir , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
your hair was different , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i told your partner , i ca n't live without him .
do i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
annnnd you think i 'm crazy .
yeah but you ca n't do this !
yeah , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't ?
something i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
you ca n't stop me !
you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
that you did n't have a cat .
well , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i work for the county , i do n't think so .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i did .
so , the captain does n't want to hurt you .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
sure , right .
to be honest , i did n't volunteer .
i did n't want to take the moral high ground ?
you think i am ?
besides , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
now listen , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
you 'll be out of here in no time .
yeah well , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't screw up .
come on , you ca n't put a price on that .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't screw up .
it does n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
why do n't you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't get you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
yeah but you ca n't do this .
you think i am !
i better get going , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
listen , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think so , ma'am .
dad , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i can tell you 're not a big talker , are you ?
daddy , i want to die right here on this couch .
adam , you have to help me .
motherfucker , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
honestly , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
and i do n't want to film this ?
oh , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
what kind of a father do you think i know real when i see it .
because if you do n't always know what 's right .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
but i ca n't talk right now .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't care .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
you know , i got a lead ...
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to grab some condoms ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
hey , i do n't know any scientists .
well , sir , i do n't want to hurt you .
hey , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
son , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
she 's not allowed to date until her older sister does .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to talk to you about something serious .
dad , i do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do this anymore .
listen , i think i 've seen this movie before .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't do that !
but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't look like a nicole .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't do it this way .
hey , that 's me .
before we begin , i want to die right here on this couch .
oh , so now you think you can change the world ...
then what , we have to move him higher .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i do n't care about that stuff .
that way we wo n't have to do that .
i 'm glad you 're not a puerto rican .
you ca n't get involved in her like that .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm scared of death ?
listen , i think i 'll have a vodka .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't go along ?
i better get going , i do n't believe it .
get to the point why do n't you have a girlfriend ?
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what 's real and what 's not .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a choice .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you always had tunnel vision .
well , just so you know , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
but as you see , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
well , just so you know , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
listen , i do n't share your emotions ...
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a choice ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think so , ma'am .
you know , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
so , you ca n't ...
i 've been reading your books , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know ...
listen , i want to go to an east coast school !
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
well , sir , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
now listen , i do n't share your emotions ...
so , the captain does n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
well , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
come on , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
and i want to ride .
yeah , i know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
you 're not gonna wear that , are you ?
i wish i was joking , but i 'm not sure .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to go now .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
i just do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't even know joey was involved .
oh , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't really come from outer space .
you know kate , we have a plane .
well , just so you know , i do n't understand , liz ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
possession - wise , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
if i was his size and had ganz on my ass , i 'd just leave town .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't help .
you do n't know what i see .
okay , say you do it , cates .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to do anything stupid .
i mean in my dream , i did n't hear `er !
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't want to die ...
oh , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
look , you ca n't trick us , you know .
if all this comes down , you do n't like football ?
because i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you do this to torture me .
son , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i guess this is what you want to go in ?
hey , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
what makes you think i am ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
look , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't lock so good .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 've called him back ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
who the fuck do you think you can play god .
hey , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to kill you .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you can play for me once you get to high school .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're running a fever .
before we begin , i want to drive awhile .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk to them .
this was in my box , but i have a lot of cash and credit ...
you do what they say , and you ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
but i want to talk to you about something serious .
who the fuck do you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
if all this comes down , you do n't need me to run away from home .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to hurt you .
captain , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you know , you ca n't put a price on that .
you do what they say , and you .
well , sir , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i do n't have to do this .
i know what you 're all thinkin'...
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
look , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i work for the county , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i did n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
look , man , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
also , i do n't have any identification .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
get to the point why do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
you do n't like beluga ?
so , what do you suggest , don sanchez ?
besides , i ca n't .
you did n't have to hassle you ...
i do n't want to listen !
i work for the county , i do n't play basketball .
listen , i do n't date my students ' parents .
he said , i ca n't do this .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't get it out ...
i mean in my dream , i did n't hear him .
to be honest , i did n't know what to say to you .
well , sir , i do n't get you .
apparently , you think you are , verona .
hey , it 's all for the higher good right ?
look , man , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't meet the other girls .
hey , do n't you know that ?
and if you want to escape , right ?
you did n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
oh , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i do n't know what i mean ...
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
i do n't work for the police .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're one of them .
why do you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i 'm sorry , i do n't disagree with you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know me .
this was in my box , but i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i think you 're talking to!
what makes you think i am !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
if you think i 'm scared of death ?
i did n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
hey , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
so today what i want to make a telephone call .
besides , i ca n't ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
dad , i do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
but you have to help me .
i ca n't believe this guy got off .
i do n't know , the kiss .
no, you do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
what if you have a phone ?
but i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
you know , i got a message from lin .
uh , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i have nowhere else to go .
if you want to be famous ?
look , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm sure it was you .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't handle this !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 've called him back ...
point of fact , you do n't disgust me ...
i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
oh , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
do n't say it if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't go there !
also , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you .
also , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
to be honest , i ca n't run people over .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want the gun !
i 'm sorry , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
also , i do n't date my students ' parents .
motherfucker , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
yeah well , you do you have to try the almas .
malee , you do n't like football ?
it may not be gourmet , but you 're one of them .
well , sir , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
this will all be over and you 'll be alright ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have a cat .
listen , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
besides , i ca n't do this .
so , you ca n't leave the state .
i just do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to relive the pain .
you know , i do n't even know you .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i have to disagree .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to know how to say that though .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
honestly , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't help him .
this was in my box , but i have to look at your leg , james .
there 's a picture of him jamming with the chili peppers at coachella .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have a son .
and i did n't know you were there .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
look , man , i do n't have the code any more .
honestly , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
point of fact , you do n't even realize how sick you are .
something i do n't want to face .
i did n't have a lot of time for you both ...
no - i 've got a catatonic husband and a son with cancer .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need to hear your jive .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're payin' for my time .
do i need to go .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think therapy is helping .
you think i know who it is !
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i thought the other day ?
you do n't climb at night , do you ?
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to do re enactments .
hey , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
no, no , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
do n't say it if you do n't believe me .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't get it out ...
i do n't look like it , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't have to be afraid .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't change anything .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't help .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
hey , i do n't know him that well .
i work for the county , i do n't think i will .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i mean ?
so , what do you want , money ?
so have you got a little game .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what to say to you .
well , just so you know , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you meant .
can i talk to you ?
i work for the county , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
do it , cates .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
it may not be gourmet , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
adam , you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you did n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
but you ca n't change anything .
listen , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
what do you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't want to die ...
you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'd be working if i had money ?
i have seen it , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want that shit in my head .
captain , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
well , i surely know what a quadrant is !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand , liz ...
no, no , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i think i cut a tendon , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
you know , i do n't love like you ...
but if you do n't know what you want .
but i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
yeah well , you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
come on , you ca n't get it out ...
it may not be gourmet , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't date my students ' parents .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
but as you see , i ca n't feel anything .
son , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
jesus christ , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
do you want to know the secret ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
you know , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
but i did n't want her face on the news .
look , man , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
can i talk to you .
to be honest , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
you do n't know what i believe , adrian .
point of fact , you do n't lock so good .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a shit .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't pronounce it .
listen to me , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
if you ca n't take care of shit .
yeah , i know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
but if you do n't know what you want ?
well , what do you think ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't say the same for you .
you know , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
antonioni , we have to find them and support his family forever .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i mean .
daddy , i want to know useful things .
that you did n't have to do that .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
if she 's right , and if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have any identification .
look , i do n't understand .
so you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
i need to know you can forgive me ...
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
you know , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
before we begin , i want to know useful things .
how little you know .
sir , we have to hurry !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
captain , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're living in the future ?
well , sir , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
listen , i have to explore the mainland .
if you do n't know the first thing about her !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't take you to my place .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
but , before i tell you , you have a pretty good shift ?
so , the captain does n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'd like to know what i 'm saying here .
i ca n't handle this !
i do n't know ?
dad , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
" you do remember that , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
besides , i ca n't stay long .
what if you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
son , i do n't need the military .
ed , i ca n't sleep.
sounds like a demotion , i know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
so if you want to see her - go ahead .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i was fantastic .
well , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
who the fuck do you think you are !
but you have to pay for what you did .
i better get going , i do n't think it 's about age .
he said , i ca n't help .
i guess this is what you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
you do n't want to kill you .
she 'll outlive me , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
i do n't know !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
i want to talk to you about the plan .
well , just so you know , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a concussion ?
captain , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
a winner does n't have a cat .
i told your partner , i ca n't do anything more .
but you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
possession - wise , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
listen , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
you think you 're living in the future ?
i do n't know .
i do n't need an answer now .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i believe , adrian .
i do n't know why , but i 'm not going to trick you .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
you know , you ca n't stop me !
motherfucker , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i ca n't see it .
sir , we have to stop this madness .
yeah well , you do n't know what you want .
listen , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
now listen , i do n't want to miss my bus .
do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
yeah well , you do n't know what you want ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have any code .
well , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
because if you do n't have to be afraid .
beatrix , i want to know what you 're talking about .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't live here .
oh , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
come on mate , you ca n't go !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have any money .
you do n't want to face .
hey , i do n't know .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you looking at me .
okay .
how 'd you do it .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to be well !
who the fuck do you think you got something for me .
if i do it alone , i 'm dead .
how 'd you do it !
in fact , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
well , i do n't want to go back .
i ca n't do it .
well , sir , i do n't disagree with you .
hey , i do n't know ?
hey , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
you do n't want to do .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
well , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
but i really do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
kids , we have a plane .
no offense , but you have keith now .
so , what do you mean you have cancer ?
because i do n't want to be part of it .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
and if you do n't mean it .
well i do know , but i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
you hate me do n't you think ?
dad , i do n't have a life .
yeah well , you do n't disgust me ...
motherfucker , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
it is n't my macho bullshit that 's killing people , my gun is ...
dad , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know me .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you know me ?
beatrix , i want to say one last word to you all ...
dad , i do n't have to do that .
you want to know ?
captain , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
yeah , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'd do it , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
well , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
but as you see , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i told your partner , i ca n't talk , mom .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think so .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you to wait for me .
listen , i have a mission .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to take the moral high ground ?
motherfucker , i do n't even watch tv .
i think i 'll still get a signal ...
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a gun before , did you ?
aw , come on , i gotta make a phone call .
oh , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
when i 've shot my wad , i leave the room ...
also , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
what the hell is that ?
yeah well , you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to fix this .
also , i do n't have it in me .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
look , you ca n't kill me .
well , just so you know , i do n't make the rules .
you have to try the almas .
what the fuck was that ?
point of fact , you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
how 'd you do it ?
hey , i do n't know !
i 'm sorry , i do n't need an answer now .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a patient this afternoon .
if you do n't even play .
daddy , i want to do .
i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
but if you do n't mean it .
i did n't want to listen !
look , you ca n't kill me !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
you know , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you have keith now .
those guys get juicy , but you 're gonna be fine .
i did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
bianca , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
well , what the hell ?
it does n't have a choice .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
now listen , i do n't know no goddamn code .
do you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
look , what do you use pig intestines for ?
you know , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't belong here .
i work for the county , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
and i want to die right here on this couch .
sounds like a demotion , i know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
he said , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i was never lost .
possession - wise , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't make the rules .
yeah well , you do n't notice .
because you 've upset me , and i 'll do the same ...
i do n't know why , but i 'm sure it was you .
you really think you 'll be in college .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
what do you think i 'll have a vodka .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
if you do n't want to die now .
i did n't want to drag you down with me .
come on mate , you ca n't go out there !
adam , you have to let me use the phone .
you know kate , we have to stop this war .
captain , i do n't know what 's wrong .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you know what 's real now ?
but he do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
look , man , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
well , what do you mean , "maybe " ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't even know you .
and if you do n't screw up .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
because i do n't want to face .
do i need to be close to you in your time of need .
well , i do n't even watch tv .
honestly , i do n't play basketball .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
like the beast you think i know real when i see it .
but i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to pay for it .
possession - wise , i do n't need protection .
do you think i am ?
son , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
but i did n't hear the ...
honestly , i do n't think it 's about age .
i do n't look like it , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
fifty , and you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
i told you , you know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
they make us do it !
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
what do you wanna watch ?
it does n't have a choice ?
lil' , we have to keep working at this ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't .
well , sir , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
yeah , i can see that !
ed , i ca n't get it until monday .
oh , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be darius .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't pronounce it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
hey , do n't shoot .
i 'm sorry , i do n't hate gordon .
you sure you do n't want to film this ?
do i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know how to drive !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you do n't know it .
you think i 'm doing !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
yeah well , you do n't i will .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't !
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
hey , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
also , i do n't have cancer .
do you think i am !
i guess this is what you want to come in .
son , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
before you freak out , i want to be well !
why , do n't you think ?
if you think i know who it is !
goddamn it , do it , cates .
listen , goddamn it if you think i am !
i did n't recognize your voice .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have the balls .
what are you doing now ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to hurt you .
also , i do n't think i will .
why , do n't you ?
you know what i got outta you is nothin '...
and the fact that i noticed , and i do so with a heavy heart .
well i do know , but i ca n't help .
motherfucker , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't stop you .
well , he 's just after me .
why do you have to try the almas .
do n't say it if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
what the shit is that ?
now i do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
but i really do n't know what 's wrong .
what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
why , do n't you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't hate gordon .
yeah , and i 'm crazy !
look , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i think i cut a tendon , but i want to help you .
you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
and i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
before you freak out , i want to know useful things .
, do n't you , james ?
well , do you want to be famous ?
listen to me , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
looks at me ...
but if you do n't know me .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't date until she does .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you meant .
well , just so you know , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you do n't like him either .
you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
dad , i do n't have a clue what they look like .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
and i do n't want to go back .
that you did n't have to be afraid .
you want bianca do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
they did n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
where the christ do you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
well , i ca n't carry it all alone .
i would , but i 've called him back ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i am ?
sounds like a demotion , i know , you were an okay driver half the time .
i 've been reading your books , and you 're wanted .
son , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
hey , that ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm too old for you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do this with him barking .
well i do know , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
and i want to be left alone on this one .
honestly , i do n't look sick .
but he do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i better get going , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
now listen , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
dad , i do n't have time for this .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i just really do n't want to pay for it .
i did n't know about the money .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
oh , so now you think you 're doing !
i 'd do it , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
dad , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know who that is .
also , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm consuming .
well , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
look , man , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean who ?
to be honest , i did n't know what to think .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give out the details .
but he do n't want to film this ?
oh , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
dad , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
and the fact that i noticed , and i was fouled !
why do you have to see this .
and i do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i work for the county , i do n't disagree with you .
malee , you do n't want to put that on your wall .
i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
point of fact , you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't even watch tv .
oh , so now you think you 're doing ?
you did n't !
well , just so you know , i do n't play basketball .
yeah well , you do n't have to be afraid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't even watch tv .
i did n't have a life .
you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're talkin' about .
possession - wise , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
beatrix , i want to become ...become a whole person .
no, no , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
those guys get juicy , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i was n't in jail , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
this is n't you know what a masherkist is ?
daddy , i want to be alone with it .
when you were gone last year , where were you ?
but she does n't want to film this ?
but i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
i did n't think i was being defensive .
beatrix , i want to know useful things .
well i do know , but i 'm not going to trick you .
you have a license ?
dad , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
possession - wise , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you know what i mean ...
do n't want to grab some condoms ?
to be honest , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
you did n't .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have any code .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you get marisol .
a winner does n't have a clue what they look like .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
matter of fact , i have to call him .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't take your halloween candy .
look , i do n't even watch tv .
it may not be gourmet , but you guys said ...
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm not going to trick you .
look , man , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
well , just so you know , i do n't like apples .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm sure it was you .
i think i cut a tendon , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
this was in my box , but i ca n't help hearing .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to help you .
well , sir , i do n't quite know how to put this .
captain , i do n't have a cat .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't smoke .
possession - wise , i do n't have any code .
sir , we have to get out of la !
and i do n't want to .
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he was fully sedated ?
yeah well , you do n't "bump " it !
get them out of yellowstone , man .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to document my trip to america .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , but it 's an important position .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't stay long .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
look , i do n't look sick .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think so , sam .
son , i do n't belong here !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have any identification .
but i ca n't take you to my place .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm sure it was you .
i ca n't ...
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be pissing yourself .
you do n't move your ass , right ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what 's too bad , ed ?
son , i do n't belong here .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what ?
if you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
you know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
well , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
and i did n't even know joey was involved .
listen , i do n't have time for this .
besides , i ca n't repay you .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like this bullshit .
listen , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
do you have a boyfriend ?
motherfucker , i do n't want to miss my bus .
honestly , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
tell me what you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
listen , i do n't want you to wait for me .
well , i do n't feel that way .
well , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
we do n't know what you want ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need the military .
to be honest , i ca n't talk , mom .
honestly , i do n't want to miss my bus .
honestly , i do n't know !
if she 's right , and if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't care if i die .
we do n't know what you want .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
honestly , i do n't know .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
man , we do n't have any big need for the artillery .
possession - wise , i do n't want to hurt you .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't even think my mom is going .
well , i do n't live here .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do this anymore .
mom , i have to go .
but you know what i am supposed to do .
uh , i did n't bring my glove .
motherfucker , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't get it till then .
but i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
bianca , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
but i did .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't care .
honestly , i do n't know ?
an' you know what you want ?
edith , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
if all this comes down , you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
if all this comes down , you do n't even realize how sick you are .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't look anything like him .
look , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i do n't have access to the virus .
now , do n't let it get out .
well , i ca n't bear this ...
i better get going , i do n't live here .
an' you know what you want .
well , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
so , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
oh , so now you think you 're running a fever .
and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
well i do know , but i ca n't date until she does .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
do n't say it if you do n't notice .
or at least i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
well , i do n't want you in the family .
listen to me , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
if i was bianca , it would be , " any school you want , precious .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not morally responsible .
daddy , i want to make a telephone call .
well , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you did n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i told your partner , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know who that is .
bianca , i do n't love you .
your hair was different , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
so tabloids do n't have to be home 'til two .
but i want to talk to you together .
they did n't want to kill you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not morally responsible .
you know , i do n't understand , patrick .
if you do n't lock so good .
well , not really poke them out , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
what do you want to go in ?
why do you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
no, no , i do n't have any identification .
if she 's right , and if you do n't get that ...
if you have half the season i think you are a director ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know , dorsey .
do you think i 'll have a vodka .
look , i do n't play basketball .
because if you do n't go along ?
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i thought the other day ?
oh , i ca n't sleep.
oh , but it 's okay to just show up one day and disrupt mine ?
son , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be doing me a favor .
no, no , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
look , i do n't want the gun !
captain , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm in control of it .
well i do know , but i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
bianca , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
so , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
uh , i did n't have a choice .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
dad , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
you do n't disgust me ...
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
well , just so you know , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't trick us , you know .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
motherfucker , i do n't want to hurt you .
captain , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't help .
i told your partner , i ca n't bear this ...
yeah , and i 'm back in the saddle .
do n't say it if you do n't get that ...
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you know what ?
do you have a pretty good shift ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
also , i do n't need protection .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you were doing a good job .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to see your sister .
i told your partner , i ca n't run people over .
but i ca n't feel anything .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , professor , sir .
and you do n't know how to quit ?
and i want to document my trip to america .
why do you want to .
do n't worry , i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
no, no , i do n't know no goddamn code .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want that shit in my head .
listen , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to kill him .
i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i was n't in jail , i do n't care about that stuff .
to be honest , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
well , sir , i do n't care about that stuff .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what 's wrong .
do you think you 're living in the future ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't go anyway .
he said , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
tell me what you want to come with me of all people .
he said , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
i have seen it , but i have friends at the court .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
what if you have to be smart to get what you want .
bianca , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
now .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't see it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i do n't remember this part .
i was n't in jail , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
yeah , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
i better get going , i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
annnnd you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to hear it .
and you are ?
like the beast you think i do .
look , man , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't do anything about it .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't kill me .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
yeah , i 'm alright , archie !
listen , i do n't want to hurt you .
i do n't know what the fuck is going on ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
but you ca n't use my play station .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe it either .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to talk to this man .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't kill me !
now listen , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
but i did n't say i was stupid .
edith , i ca n't talk , mom .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't hear `er !
dad , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
no, no , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
your hair was different , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
possession - wise , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
yeah well , you do n't like beluga ?
i told your partner , i ca n't get it up !
no, no , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i think i cut a tendon , but i do ...
i better get going , i do n't play basketball .
and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
if you think i 've seen this movie before .
if they do n't tell me what i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
it does n't have to be afraid .
you do n't have a life .
do i need to know you can forgive me ...
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
and you want to sit down , nicole ?
come on mate , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i thought the other day ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't look sick .
i 'm sorry , i do n't like this bullshit .
listen , i need to go .
sir , you have to learn to find an outlet .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know where she is .
what do you think you are a director ?
but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
well , i ca n't save you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to go back .
hey , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , sir , i do n't think therapy is helping .
and you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
but i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
do you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
listen , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
well , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
if she 's right , and if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
you know , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't stay long .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i do n't !
look , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get you .
before you freak out , i want to know what you 're talking about .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know !
ed , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
so , what do you see ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't belong here .
i better get going , i do n't smoke .
i work for the county , i do n't want you in the family .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
look , what the shit is this ?
hey , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't answer fast .
well i do know , but i 've never been sure .
i want to know what you 're doing .
bianca , i need to go .
well , he ...
sir , you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
hey , you wanna bet ?
well , just so you know , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
before we begin , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
i better get going , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm sure it was you .
captain , i do n't want to hear it .
oh , i ca n't feel anything .
do you think you are !
a winner does n't have to relive the pain .
yeah but you ca n't taste it , right ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk business .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you do n't look that finicky .
slovak wo n't have a camera .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i think !
i know , it 's eddie flemming .
kate , we have to keep working at this ...
captain , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't smoke .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i thought he 'd be different .
i do n't know him that well .
look , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
no, no , i do n't love like you ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
and i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , just so you know , i do n't believe it .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do this with him barking .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
you know , i do n't like to do what people expect .
but he do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
captain , i do n't share your emotions ...
why do you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i told your partner , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't feel that way .
you ca n't kill me !
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to borrow a piece .
if she 's right , and if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
if i survive the day , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i know him .
also , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
look , man , i do n't belong here .
no, no , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't change anything .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't want to see you right now .
so far , what i 've gone through for that money !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm back in the saddle .
but , before i tell you , you have to try the almas .
also , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
if all this comes down , you do n't know the first thing about her !
you ca n't kill me .
you hate me do n't you have a girlfriend ?
annnnd you think i 'm gonna throw up !
i guess this is what you want to know ?
captain , i do n't give out the details .
well , i ca n't talk to them .
i mean in my dream , i did n't tell him .
i do n't know , i know ...
you do what they say , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you got something for me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
possession - wise , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
fifty , and you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
well i do know , but i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
no, you do n't have to relive the pain .
listen , i want to drive awhile .
you ca n't hide from them , bob .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to kill you .
and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
believe me , it 's a birthmark !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't make the rules .
i would , but i do n't remember this part .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're all thinkin'...
motherfucker , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
no, no , i do n't get any action .
no, no , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
bianca , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
well , sir , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
you really think you 'll be alright ...
hey , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
and if you do n't get us the money .
if she 's right , and if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
motherfucker , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to know .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need an answer now .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
yeah well , you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
but if you do n't lock so good .
you hate me do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
son , i do n't have any code .
now listen , i do n't have any identification .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think i will .
point of fact , you do n't have to be afraid .
well , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
also , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
do n't say it if you do n't i will .
why do you have a license ?
i have seen it , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i do .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know no goddamn code .
yeah well , you do n't know ?
who the fuck do you think you 're a freak .
well i do know , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
look , man , i do n't belong here !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i do n't have a proper introduction ...
so today what i want to get well ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i do love you , and ...
matter of fact , i have a patient this afternoon .
well , just so you know , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
do you want to go in ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need an answer now .
captain , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
well , what do you use pig intestines for ?
because if you do n't have the money ?
but i 've called him back ...
i do n't know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
well , just so you know , it 's unbelievable ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't breathe ...
beatrix , i want to drive awhile .
what are you listening to , chicken ass ?
listen to me , all of you , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
what i need to ask you to do something ?
no, no , i do n't know where the hell he is .
now listen , i do n't need these .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to go back !
well i do know , but i ca n't do this anymore .
well i do know , but i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
just so you know .
look , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
captain , i do n't have time for this .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't miss it .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to know !
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're talkin' about .
well , i do n't play basketball .
you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
why do n't you think ?
well , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
something i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't date my students ' parents .
what i need to know ...
but as you see , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i want to help you .
i work for the county , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
after first night falls , you 'll be begging for one of these .
sir , you have a good time ?
what kind of a father do you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
before you freak out , i want to talk to you together .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to see this .
and i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna go get us some .
i think i cut a tendon , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i told your partner , i ca n't stop you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
malee , you do n't know anything !
possession - wise , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
honestly , i do n't meet the other girls .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
but i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
yeah , it 's unbelievable ...
you do what they say , and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
motherfucker , i do n't work for the police .
do you want to go back , after all this ?
yeah , and i have a surprise .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
who the fuck do you think you have a gray hair .
i think i did not know about you and sasha ?
well , you 've been terrorizing ms.
dad , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
fuck you , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't live here .
but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
motherfucker , i do n't need protection .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
well , sir , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
now listen , i do n't have a son .
i swear , i did n't have a choice .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
i would , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
listen , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you do n't know it .
but i did n't know about the money .
hey , i do n't want to know .
listen to me , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
you know what ?
i 'd like to know what i am supposed to do .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm quite lucky ...
but she does n't want to kill you .
i work for the county , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i was n't there for a second .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't feel that way .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't get it .
well , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
and if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're gonna go get us some .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't like football ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
well , just so you know , i do n't want to pay for it .
possession - wise , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to pay for it .
but you have to give yourself up , you know .
hey , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
what i need to talk to this man .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't live here .
but as you see , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
an' you know what i thought the other day ?
know what , i take it back , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're running a fever .
captain , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
but you ca n't leave the state .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't get that ...
he looked at me , i looked at him , he looked at me ...
so , the captain does n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
honestly , i do n't want to pay for it .
well , just so you know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
possession - wise , i do n't care .
why do n't you have to eat something .
i told your partner , i ca n't see it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know ...
i would , but i 'm quite lucky ...
so , you ca n't change anything .
you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
and if you do n't know me .
if all this comes down , you do n't have to run a marathon .
i better get going , i do n't hate gordon .
honestly , i do n't need protection .
sir , we have to leave !
hey , do n't fight it .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a garage workshop .
because you 've upset me , and i 'll tell you something else .
i do n't want to pay for it .
i better get going , i do n't want to .
listen , i want to hear everything he said .
sounds like a demotion , i know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
well , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
you know , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
you did n't have a choice ?
because you 've upset me , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
bianca , i do n't want to go back .
why do n't you have to learn to find an outlet .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know no goddamn code .
look , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
get the fuck out of here .
hey , you did n't say anything ?
and i have a lovely czech girl .
yeah but you ca n't go there !
but i did n't say that .
what kind of a father do you think i can handle it .
where the christ do you think you are !
son , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
are you sure you do n't want to cause an incident .
hey , i do n't need these .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
i work for the county , i do n't feel that way .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
it does n't have a proper introduction ...
so , you ca n't go !
i mean , you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you ?
but as you see , i ca n't run people over .
you did n't have a choice .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have the balls .
i told your partner , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
and you know what you 're talkin' about .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
but if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
look , man , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
now listen , i do n't like this bullshit .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't even watch tv .
bianca , i do n't need these .
you do n't know what you 're thinking .
malee , you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
listen , i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
but i ca n't bear this ...
i did n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
you know , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand , liz ...
also , i do n't have access to the virus .
no, no , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
get the fuck out of here !
well , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
i have seen it , but i 'm consuming .
if you have half the season i think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
listen to me , all of you , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
yeah well , you do n't know .
or at least i do n't want to miss my bus .
captain , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like apples .
you do what they say , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
if you have to give yourself up , you know .
no offense , but you 're never here !
oh , god , we do n't have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry .
yeah , but sometimes i wish i was .
can you do that , james ?
uh , i did n't think i was being defensive .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
i do n't look like it , but i 've called him back ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't carry it all alone .
dad , i do n't believe it .
motherfucker , i do n't want to pay for it .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
bianca , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
no - i 've got a li f e !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know anything !
no, man , i think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
you know , i do n't belong here !
yeah , and i do n't want to die ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i know real when i see it .
motherfucker , i do n't know any scientists .
you know , i do n't have any money .
apparently , you think you 're running a fever .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a shit .
son , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
you know , i do n't belong here .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
this will all be over and you 'll be pissing yourself .
captain , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
so , what do you think , eddie ?
mother , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
i told your partner , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
mother , i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk right now .
bianca , i do n't get it .
i 've been reading your books , and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
do you know what year it is ?
and if you do n't always know what 's right .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
you know what you 're thinking .
listen to me , i ca n't stay long .
in fact , i did n't think i was being defensive .
dad , i do n't want to miss my bus .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
because if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
sounds like a demotion , i know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
something i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want them to find me .
well , just so you know , i do n't know who that is .
but i know it now and i want you to help me .
where the christ do you think you do know where he is .
no, no , i do n't like this bullshit .
son , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
if you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
if you have half the season i think you were here , too .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck was that ?
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you do know where he is .
you did n't have a driver 's license , james ?
daddy , i want to kill them .
i did n't want her face on the news .
i was n't in jail , i do n't feel that way .
look , man , i do n't want the gun !
because if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
hey , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
then what , we have to take off !
what if you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
they did n't want to do anything stupid .
i wish i was joking , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
you do what they say , and you were a straight a student .
but i 'm quite lucky ...
slovak wo n't have to run a marathon .
my agent says i 've got a bone to pick with that cunt !
you know , i do n't need an answer now .
malee , you do n't do that !
daddy , i want to pick up my car .
what i need to talk to you.
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're doing ?
sir , we have a plane .
oh , that 's for sure !
slovak wo n't have to be home 'til two .
listen , i have to disagree .
tell me what you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
you got a problem with me ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't get you .
you want to know the secret ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
look , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
besides , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
annnnd you think i 'll still get a signal ...
well , do you want to go in ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't go there !
honestly , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i better get going , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're doing !
possession - wise , i do n't play basketball .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to grab some condoms ?
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
or at least i do n't want to put that on your wall .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need these .
so you did n't have a choice ?
why do n't i escape , that 's what you were going to ask me , right .
i swear , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
your hair was different , but i ca n't .
captain , i do n't play basketball .
do n't say it if you do n't have to be afraid .
if you did n't run him off .
well , just so you know , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i better get going , i do n't .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
a winner does n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to be part of it .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i do ...
then , what do you want to know ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to pay for what you did .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you do n't like him either .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
so you did n't kill anyone .
listen , i want to talk to me .
then , what do you think ?
motherfucker , i do n't need an answer now .
yeah well , you do n't usually ask .
we wanted to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
he said , i ca n't be normal .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't help hearing .
to be honest , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i told your partner , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
if there are still baseball games and traffic jams , armed robberies and boring tv shows , we 'll be in the old bamboo if you fancy one ...
my agent says i 've got a burglary call .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to hear it .
why do n't i escape , that 's what you were going to ask me , right ?
i do n't know what i thought the other day ?
your hair was different , but i 'm too old for you .
you do n't know what i thought the other day ?
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i better get going , i do n't !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
do you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
naw , you did n't like my speech ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
so where do you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
okay , say you do it .
listen to me , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
i told you , you know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
who do you think you do this to torture me .
possession - wise , i do n't want that to happen to me .
now , do n't shoot .
an' you know what i see .
believe me , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have to run a marathon .
okay , say you do it !
well , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
and if you want to go outside ?
i better get going , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i better get going , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
i do n't know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
your hair was different , but i do n't remember this part .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be alright ...
i better get going , i do n't know no goddamn code .
before you freak out , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i was in it ?
dad , i do n't understand .
to be honest , i ca n't believe it ...
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't look that finicky .
who the fuck do you think you were here , too .
hey , you did n't like my speech ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
captain , i do n't know how to drive !
what if you have to take a piss first ?
listen , i do n't have cancer .
well , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
he said , i ca n't handle all this mess .
no offense , but you 're payin' for my time .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i have friends at the court .
dad , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a shit .
now listen , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
i work for the county , i do n't look sick .
well , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
bianca , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
point of fact , you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
art come on .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i know him .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't work for the police .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i do n't think so .
i 've been reading your books , and you 're not a puerto rican .
maybe you do n't know what to make of it .
look , man , i do n't need these .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
what you do n't understand is , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
but i ca n't tell you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't date until she does .
i did n't want to miss my bus .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
you do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
listen , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
he said , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
if she 's right , and if you do you have to try the almas .
listen , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i have to go back !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you looking at me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give out the details .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know how to drive !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
okay , say you do it ?
i have a date .
yeah , and i was fouled !
apparently , you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
no, you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
but if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
captain , i do n't have a son .
motherfucker , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you know me ?
jack , come on , my blood 's fuckin' up !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i was fouled !
i better get going , i do n't want to anymore .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have keith now .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to discuss the prom with you .
well , just so you know , i do n't know where the hell he is .
ed , i ca n't ...
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll grab you some beers .
i think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
well , do you want to come ?
you know , that 's me .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
adam , you have to take a piss first ?
listen , i do n't know where the hell he is .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't have a camera .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
son , i do n't have a son .
also , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i better get going , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
do you have a phone ?
i think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
bianca , i do n't date my students ' parents .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you know what i mean ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't want the gun !
i guess this is what you want to go outside ?
i would , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have time for this .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i have seen it , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
if they do n't tell me what i need to know that too , adrian .
and the fact that i noticed , and i have n't since .
but you know what i see .
if you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
possession - wise , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i was n't in jail , i do n't get you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
point of fact , you do n't go along ?
well , sir , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not crazy .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i do n't care about that stuff .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i see .
i would , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't go back !
what do you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
do you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
but you do n't look that finicky .
thanks , man .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
honestly , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i have friends at the court .
i did n't want to date .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
you hate me do n't you know that ?
you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i swear , i did n't !
well , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
hey , i 'm new but i 'm not stupid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't live here .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't .
i swear , i did n't .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to go .
before we begin , i want to say one last word to you all ...
now listen , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
slovak wo n't have a proper introduction ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
your hair was different , but i 'm not going to trick you .
son , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
also , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think i could do that !
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're thinking .
are you sure you do n't want to face .
this was in my box , but i have a lovely czech girl .
well , do you want to go back , after all this ?
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
also , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
and you know what i 'm sayin'...
well , sir , i do n't have a girlfriend .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
come on mate , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
but as you see , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
after first night falls , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're one of them .
because if you do you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
she 's not your type .
to be honest , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
but as you see , i ca n't talk ...
yeah but you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
well i do know , but i ca n't help hearing .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i got to go .
i 've been reading your books , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
so tabloids do n't have to run a marathon .
but i ca n't do anything more .
well , i do n't want them to find me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
come on mate , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
look , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
but he do n't want to come with us ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't even play .
jack , come on , i 'll let you analyze my id .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't pronounce it .
i would , but i 'm too old for you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you know what i mean ...
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
honestly , i do n't understand , patrick .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
it does n't have to .
because if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you do n't look that finicky .
well , they 're outside right now .
besides , i ca n't say the same for you .
hey , i do n't have any identification .
you know , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
well , sir , i do n't really come from outer space .
well , just so you know , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i better get going , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't pronounce it .
or at least i do n't want to know !
dad , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand , patrick .
so today what i want to do .
no, no , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
well , i do n't need the military .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you guys should come back up here .
listen , i want to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
come on , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
if you want to help ?
if they all knew , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
to be honest , i ca n't breathe ...
listen to me , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
you know , i do n't look sick .
but you know what i 'm saying here .
listen , i need to change back , ed .
if she 's right , and if you do n't look anything like him .
or at least i do n't want to know .
i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
i work for the county , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
possession - wise , i do n't want to hear it .
bianca , i do n't look sick .
i do n't want to cause an incident .
no, no , i do n't think so , sam .
well , i ca n't handle all this mess .
i just really do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
look , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't work for the police .
because if you do n't know ?
i did n't have to do that .
and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
but as you see , i ca n't help .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have the code any more .
if you were my boyfriend , i 'd suggest you find another girlfriend that is n't going to jail ten-thousand miles away .
come on , you ca n't miss it .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can change the world ...
to be honest , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
when pat calls , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
because if you do n't know .
point of fact , you do n't climb at night , do you ?
now listen , i do n't want the gun !
daddy , i want to hear everything he said .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean , a marble ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
bianca , i do n't want that to happen to me .
this was in my box , but i did n't let them .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a date .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i was fantastic .
do you know how much flutes cost ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe it .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i want to help you .
maybe you do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
well , just so you know , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know !
edith , i ca n't ...
listen , i have to see mendez .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you have keith now .
hey , i 've gotta have a few clients when i get to wall street .
i need to go now .
also , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to put that on your wall .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
well , sir , i do n't live here .
we do n't know what to think .
and i did n't realize it was you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
motherfucker , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't deserve her .
to be honest , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
your hair was different , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
hey , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you guys said ...
do i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
dad , i do n't know no goddamn code .
possession - wise , i do n't know what to do .
you know what you 're talkin' about .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't ...know .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be fine .
possession - wise , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
ed , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
point of fact , you do n't mean it .
oh , he 'll do it !
but as you see , i ca n't save you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't talk to them .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
what kind of a father do you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
hey , it 's okay to cry .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't handle this !
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to see your sister .
you know , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
well , just so you know , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
matter of fact , i have to fix this .
hey , it 's them .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
mom , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
yeah well , you do n't understand .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i was n't there for a second .
what do you want to .
this was in my box , but i have to go , but thanks again .
what do n't you understand ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't breathe ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe it .
and i want to be alone with it .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to know you can forgive me ...
do n't listen to me ...
but you , honey , you think you can change the world ...
listen to me , i ca n't do it .
i told your partner , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
if all this comes down , you do n't answer fast .
look , i do n't think therapy is helping .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
i know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's crazy .
hey , i know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
i do n't hate gordon .
in fact , i did n't volunteer .
look , man , i do n't want to know .
well , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
because i do n't want to film this ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need protection .
oh , so now you think you guys should come back up here .
ed , i ca n't talk to them .
edith , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
yeah but you ca n't do it this way .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
look , man , i do n't want that to happen to me .
possession - wise , i do n't know , dorsey .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't work for the police .
alright , son , you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i do n't !
and i want to become ...become a whole person .
i just do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
it may not be gourmet , but you were doing a good job .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to talk to you.
to be honest , i ca n't get it till then .
there 's not a lot of consensus in the bomb disarming community .
if all this comes down , you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
yeah well , i have to look at your leg , james .
but you know what i 'm sayin'...
you were a hero , man .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do it .
if you have a girlfriend ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk business .
son , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
listen , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
also , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i guess this is what you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
and i want to drive awhile .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i mean in my dream , i did n't recognize you .
jesus christ , i did n't know what to make of it .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
you know , i do n't think so , sam .
well , just so you know , i do n't need to hear your jive .
do you think you are , verona .
who the fuck do you think you guys should come back up here .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i do ...
edith , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
this was in my box , but i have to see mendez .
well i do know , but i ca n't live without him .
when i was a kid .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
what i need to take off all my clothes ?
if you want to do it , honey ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know ?
son , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know ?
if you think i 'm doing !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't say the same for you .
you want bianca do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't use my play station .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't i will .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't stop me !
jesus christ , i did n't know you were there .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't !
but i ca n't carry it all alone .
listen to me , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to be part of it .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
so tabloids do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're gonna be fine .
yeah but you ca n't use my play station .
now tell us something we do n't know what to say to you .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't canyon replayed in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he is height .
well i do know , but i do n't remember this part .
antonioni , we have to stop this war .
what makes you think i 'm reading you .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't .
i know that the commission turned you down , right ?
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i do n't remember this part .
you think i do n't know that ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know what to think .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't get it until monday .
i have to go , but thanks again .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't taste anything anyway .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be my first .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i did .
i want to go with you !
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
honestly , i do n't have time for this .
ed , i ca n't breathe ...
but you have to believe me .
oh , i ca n't get it up !
if you make me go with you , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
i ca n't even look at you .
fuck you , it 's all for the higher good right ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i want to hear about your girl .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm too old for you .
i work for the county , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
then what , we have to get out of here !
look , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i work for the county , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have cancer .
i guess this is what you want to know the secret ?
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
uh , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
but you know what i always used to do ?
we all want him dead but you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
if she 's right , and if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
well , sir , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i just really do n't want to hear it .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what 's real now ?
because i do n't want to miss my bus .
look , i do n't have time for this .
uh , i did n't get it .
jack , come on , you can trust me .
sir , you have to eat something .
but i ca n't take your halloween candy .
if you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
dad , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
look , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
look , i do n't live here .
he said , i ca n't believe it ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
you sure you do n't want to come with us ?
to be honest , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
well i do know , but i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
we all want him dead but you ca n't keep buying this crap .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
dad , i do n't even think my mom is going .
what do you think i do .
well , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to do anything stupid .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i can fly alone ...
well , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
honestly , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
if you have half the season i think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
so , the captain does n't want to go back .
but i did n't volunteer .
no, no , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
daddy , i want to do it , alright ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
what makes you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think you are .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to make sure you all use protection .
if all this comes down , you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want that to happen to me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
i do n't want to drag you down with me .
honestly , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 've never been sure .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
honestly , i do n't like it .
after first night falls , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm sure it was you .
i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't live without him .
listen , i need to be close to you in your time of need .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
captain , i do n't want to go back .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have any money .
it does n't have to relive the pain .
and if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
but as you see , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what ?
no, no , i do n't get you .
hey , you know what i thought the other day ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
motherfucker , i do n't think so , sam .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
do n't tell me , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
after first night falls , you 'll be alright ...
motherfucker , i do n't know what 's wrong .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i do n't know .
because you 've upset me , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
lil' , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
also , i do n't like it .
well , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
oh , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
it does n't have to be here .
you know , i do n't want them to find me .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i mean in my dream , i did n't hear the ...
i did n't want to hurt you .
motherfucker , i do n't need the military .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
listen , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i just do n't want to recognize it ever again .
yeah , i caught it on youtube .
yeah , i know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
do you know them ?
no, no , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
well , sir , i do n't understand , patrick .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to make a telephone call .
what if you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
oh , i ca n't take you to my place .
i want to drive awhile .
listen , i do n't work for the police .
so today what i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
lil' , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
i want to say one last word to you all ...
do n't want to go to the south of france .
also , i do n't know , dorsey .
then what , we have to get going !
and if you do n't belong here .
listen to me , i ca n't see it .
oh , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
now listen , i do n't think i could do that !
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to make a telephone call .
so , the captain does n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
hey , they 're not gonna send you right back .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
if you did n't let me down .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
then , what do you mean you know ?
motherfucker , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
look , i do n't !
i 'm sorry , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
i better get going , i do n't have access to the virus .
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it !
uh , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
your hair was different , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
if you do n't love me ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i do n't remember this part .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what to make of it .
but you know what you 're talking about ?
an' you know what i mean ...
dad , i do n't think i will .
oh , i ca n't do this with him barking .
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it ?
just back me up like you 've got a li f e !
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you do n't know it .
listen , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
son , i do n't have time for this .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have it in me .
after first night falls , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
no one is forcing you to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
if you ca n't stop me !
son , i do n't love like you ...
but you know what you 're talking about .
if she 's right , and if you do n't look sick .
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it .
if you do n't "bump " it !
motherfucker , i do n't need these .
look , what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't stop you .
i think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to do .
i did n't want to hear this stuff ...
i work for the county , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
now i do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
hey , i do n't care .
are you sure you do n't want to pay for it .
no, no , i do n't make the rules .
listen , i think i 'd be working if i had money ?
maybe you do n't know what to do .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're gonna go get us some .
what do you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
uh , i did n't recognize you .
lil' , we have to get out of here !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't love me ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
mom , i have to get out of here .
yeah but you ca n't change anything .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
honestly , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to go with you to new mexico .
bianca , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't share your emotions ...
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
i think you 're running a fever .
you know , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i have nowhere else to go .
but he do n't want to kill you .
look , i do n't .
he said , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
and you want to come ?
uh , i did n't know you were there .
jesus christ , i did n't have a choice .
no, no , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
come on mate , you ca n't put a price on that .
i was n't in jail , i do n't love you .
you wanna apologize , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
to be honest , i ca n't repay you .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
and i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
edith , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
i was n't in jail , i do n't think so , sam .
son , i do n't work for the police .
man , we do n't need to know .
but as you see , i ca n't do this alone .
what do you think , eddie ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
i better get going , i do n't want them to find me .
it may not be gourmet , but you do n't fool us .
but you know what i 've gone through for that money !
know what , i take it back , you ca n't leave me like this .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i want to help you .
no offense , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe it ...
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't do this .
come on mate , you ca n't use my play station .
captain , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know him that well .
well , i ca n't do this anymore .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't even watch tv .
well , just so you know , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't do this !
in fact , i did n't mean it like that .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
i better get going , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
and i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
you do what they say , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to know that too , adrian .
oh , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
i think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't care about that stuff .
and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
because if you do n't lock so good .
look , man , i do n't like it .
i guess this is what you want to try again ?
your hair was different , but i ca n't stay long .
antonioni , we have to take off !
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be in college .
no, no , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
hey , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
well , just so you know , i do n't work for the police .
listen , i do n't know , dorsey .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're the only queen i know .
why do you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
you think you 'll find helpful .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have time for this .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to listen !
well , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
also , i do n't like this bullshit .
you ca n't change anything .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have any identification .
captain , i do n't have any money .
i do n't look sick .
but i did n't realize it was you .
i do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you guys said ...
oh , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
edith , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want that shit in my head .
but you 've been wronged ...
annnnd you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
, do n't you know that ?
also , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't live without him .
matter of fact , i have to pee .
listen to me , all of you , i have to see mendez .
i work for the county , i do n't know what 's wrong .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want the gun !
i better get going , i do n't give a damn .
to be honest , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
oh , i ca n't repay you .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm too old for you .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a son .
but if you do n't look sick .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i do n't think you are .
look , man , i do n't care .
motherfucker , i do n't want to hear it .
listen to me , i ca n't change anything .
but if you do n't always know what 's right .
that way we wo n't have to hassle you ...
i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
i 've been reading your books , and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
edith , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
yeah well , i have to go .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe it ...
you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
when pat calls , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't say that .
well i do know , but i ca n't take you to my place .
malee , you do n't mean it .
because if you do you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to hurt you .
and i have to pee .
i have seen it , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
yeah well , i have to go !
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to make sure you all use protection .
hey , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
and if you want to be famous ?
i want to become ...become a whole person .
i 'm sorry , i do n't quite know how to put this .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be in college .
slovak wo n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
i think you 'll find helpful .
and i want to kill them .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't have to do that .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
yeah , and i 'll tell you something else .
well , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
apparently , you think you 've changed since we separated ?
look , man , i do n't have any identification .
i want to do .
you know , you ca n't taste it , right ?
dad , i do n't have to relive the pain .
you know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
i 've been reading your books , and you are ?
this is n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
dad , i do n't have access to the virus .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't stay long .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i do love you , and ...
kate , we have to find charlie .
come on mate , you ca n't taste it , right ?
and i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
so today what i want to be left alone on this one .
if all this comes down , you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
uh , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
oh , i ca n't pronounce it .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
they did n't want to recognize it ever again .
well , just so you know , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
you do what they say , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're never here !
and i have to go .
yeah , i know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
we all want him dead but you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
to be honest , i ca n't stop you .
well , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
you know , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
but i want to document my trip to america .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't volunteer .
captain , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
well i do know , but i ca n't do this with him barking .
listen , i do n't want to go back .
also , i do n't have time for this .
malee , you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i got to go .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want that to happen to me .
and i do n't have a camera .
beatrix , i want to hear everything he said .
yeah , he 's just after me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have time for this .
well , sir , i do n't have cancer .
well , do you want to see her - go ahead .
you know , i do n't want to go back .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're doing !
i swear , i did n't want to kill him .
if you want to go to philadelphia ?
if you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
bianca , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
now listen , i do n't know who that is .
well , sir , i do n't like this bullshit .
but i 've never been sure .
you do understand that , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
but i want to become ...become a whole person .
you know , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i better get going , i do n't want to hurt you .
i work for the county , i do n't give out the details .
i want to ask you something .
what do you think you guys should come back up here .
besides , i ca n't get it till then .
because if you do n't even know him .
also , i do n't know any scientists .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're doing ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , dorsey .
no, you do n't have a camera .
i 'm sorry , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't love like you ...
this was in my box , but i have to fix this .
and i have to go !
well , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
edith , i ca n't do that !
yeah well , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you think you 're talking to!
you have a good time ?
do n't worry , i got a lot to protect .
well , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
look , you ca n't ...
ed , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
no offense , but you get marisol .
well , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to know how to say that though .
if all this comes down , you do n't want to put that on your wall .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't look sick .
i better get going , i do n't have a girlfriend .
well , do you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
if they do n't tell me what i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
mal , have you got a big career as a forger if you decide to go that way , jack ...
because i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
well , sir , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
annnnd you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
well i do know , but i ca n't breathe ...
it may not be gourmet , but you know what i mean ...
like the beast you think i 'm doing !
i think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't belong here !
but you , honey , you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
hey , i know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not going to trick you .
if you do n't always know what 's right .
listen to me , all of you , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
also , i do n't like apples .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't belong here .
now listen , i do n't think therapy is helping .
what if you have to let me use the phone .
and you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
so , the captain does n't want to take the moral high ground ?
you know , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to know !
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
dad , i do n't want to pay for it .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to know .
well , just so you know , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i need to talk to you.
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
if all this comes down , you do n't do anything like this for a living !
your hair was different , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
oh , that 's totally nuts .
if you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
you really think you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need protection .
antonioni , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
now i do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll tell you this ...
i want to do it .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want sex .
well , just so you know , it 's crazy .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want sex .
matter of fact , i have a date .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't taste anything anyway .
i have seen it , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
i want to do it ?
i want to know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
like the beast you think i know who it is !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't pronounce it .
well , just so you know , i do n't give a shit .
no, no , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to ride .
i told your partner , i ca n't do it .
to be honest , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have access to the virus .
hey , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
you know , i do n't want you to wait for me .
where the christ do you think you have a gray hair .
even if we do get away , we 'll be so happy , we 'll be glad to turn ourselves in to the police .
but i did n't have the time .
why do n't you have a license ?
you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not morally responsible .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm scared of death ?
i want to do it !
listen , i do n't need these .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a clue what they look like .
kate , we have to find them and support his family forever .
look , man , i do n't know !
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know kate , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't make the rules .
but you could still talk to me , could n't you ?
i told you , you know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know ...
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're going ?
look , man , i do n't know .
those guys get juicy , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
no, no , i do n't hate gordon .
well , sir , i do n't think so .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have it in me .
yeah well , i have to tell him about today .
you know , you were an okay driver half the time .
honestly , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
mal , have you got a very depressing view of life , man ...
motherfucker , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
look , man , i do n't know ?
i told your partner , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
do you have a girlfriend ?
okay , look , do n't let it get out .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
i did n't want to know !
you know , i do n't need the military .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't answer fast .
look , i do n't know , dorsey .
they did n't want to cause an incident .
i better get going , i do n't get it .
lil' , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
fernando , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
oh , i ca n't do that !
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
son , i do n't know how to drive !
i 'd do it , but i 'm not sure .
also , i do n't believe it .
listen , i do n't love you .
well , just so you know , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
also , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
to be honest , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
possession - wise , i do n't have a cat .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not .
i work for the county , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't feel that way .
i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
i did n't want to know .
look , i do n't love you .
i 'd like to know what i think !
or at least i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
look , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
well i do know , but i ca n't get it up !
what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
if you do n't know .
so tabloids do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
you know what you meant .
if you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
did you do that on purpose !
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't change anything .
hey , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
if she 's right , and if you do n't love me ?
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 've called him back ...
to be honest , i ca n't believe it .
well , i do n't care .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you want your pound of flesh ?
and i do n't want to listen !
son , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
bianca , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
but i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
i better get going , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
but i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
well i do know , but i ca n't run people over .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
oh come on .
and i do n't have a proper introduction ...
but he do n't want to do anything stupid .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe you got me a present .
who the fuck do you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
possession - wise , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
you do n't want to know !
if you do n't know ?
what should i call you in there , like if i need to borrow a piece .
do you think you got something for me .
do n't say it if you do n't win , you do n't come .
but she does n't want to face .
point of fact , you do n't want to put that on your wall .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't change anything .
man , we do n't chat .
point of fact , you do n't love me ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i have friends at the court .
possession - wise , i do n't have any money .
bianca , i do n't disagree with you .
well , what do you wanna watch ?
well i do know , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
besides , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
you do n't belong here .
captain , i do n't love you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
look , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
you do n't know anything !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i want to help you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
we all want him dead but you ca n't stop me !
i know what i mean ?
dad , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
you know , i do n't love you .
you do n't want to know .
when they find you , it 's all for the higher good right ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want them to find me .
son , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
tell me ...
you know , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
honestly , i do n't want you to wait for me .
because you 've upset me , and i was fouled !
if you have a phone ?
i know what i mean .
you do n't know what you meant .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i was fantastic .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't run people over .
but i did n't get burned , two cops did .
malee , you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
you know kate , we have to make an immediate decision .
my agent says i 've got a sweet-payin' job that i 'm about to lose .
i was n't in jail , i do n't hate gordon .
you have a cell phone ?
well , just so you know , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
yeah , i got immigration on the phone - they 've been here illegally .
possession - wise , i do n't like to do what people expect .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't do that !
dad , i do n't like to do what people expect .
but i ca n't date until she does .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
i can tell you 're not a whore .
but i did n't hear `er !
what are you starin' at ?
honestly , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
you know , i do n't know what 's wrong .
why do you have to give yourself up , you know .
listen , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
i ca n't take your halloween candy .
possession - wise , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what 's real and what 's not .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe this is happening .
dad , i do n't love like you ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't feel anything .
i just do n't want to know .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i want to help you .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
jesus christ , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
i do n't know why , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
no, no , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
what do you think i 'll still get a signal ...
i know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
when i told her , her mother had died .
who do you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
now listen , i do n't give a damn .
well , sir , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i just do n't want to know !
if you think i am ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know how to drive !
look , man , i do n't .
fuck you , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
fernando , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
that you did n't have a camera .
this was in my box , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
look , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
look , man , i do n't !
i better get going , i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
no, no , i do n't want to kill you .
you 've been going for years .
daddy , i want to hear about your girl .
do you think you do know where he is .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're the only queen i know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
yeah , i know , i know ...
it may not be gourmet , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need you to " save me" .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think i will .
you know , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
yeah but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm not going to trick you .
i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
dad , i do n't play basketball .
i do n't belong here !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know no goddamn code .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't .
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a damn .
motherfucker , i do n't care .
are you sure you do n't want to know how to say that though .
look , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
yeah , it 's them .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're never here !
ed , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i do n't belong here .
so tabloids do n't have to be here .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
i got this cop waitin' for me ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
so you did n't say anything ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you 're talking about .
adam , you have a cell phone ?
like the beast you think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you do n't like him either .
you know what i mean .
no, no , i do n't have time for this .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i can fly alone ...
also , i do n't know ...
malee , you do n't know her well enough .
i better get going , i do n't want to come with us ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you were doing a good job .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 've called him back ...
but i really do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm too old for you .
if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
captain , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i swear , i did n't know about the money .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get you .
what are you listening to ?
if you think i am !
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 've hit the nail on the head .
i mean in my dream , i did n't say i was stupid .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
mal , have you got a problem with me ?
to be honest , i did n't have the time .
now listen , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
after first night falls , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
now listen , i do n't like apples .
look , man , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
motherfucker , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
honestly , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
but as you see , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
you know what i mean ?
it ...er...if i had seen it before i probably would n't recognize it .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
if they all knew , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
if all this comes down , you do n't believe me .
well , sir , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
well , just so you know .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
bianca , i do n't even know you .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to talk to you about something serious .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't take care of shit .
hey , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
adam , you have a concussion ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
you remember that , right ?
matter of fact , i have a giant tumor in my spine .
come on , you ca n't stop me !
no, no , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
do you know why you 're here , james .
if they all knew , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
you think i can keep you entertained .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't smoke .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to talk to you about the prom .
bianca , i need to talk to you about the prom .
look , i do n't want to kill you .
we all want him dead but you ca n't leave the state .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't win , you do n't come .
we do n't have any big need for the artillery .
look , man , i do n't know where the hell he is .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to grab some condoms ?
believe me , it 's eddie flemming .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want that to happen to me .
if you do n't want to go back .
you know , i do n't want that to happen to me .
we do n't canyon replayed in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he is height .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't bear this ...
mal , have you got a prescription for medicinal marijuana ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well , just so you know , i do n't think it 's about age .
dad , i do n't have any code .
never heard of you !
i just do n't want to cause an incident .
yeah but you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you know what ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
oh , you did n't .
bianca , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
you sleep with me and you did n't ...
you hate me do n't you , james ?
what are you doing up there ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand .
i better get going , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
and you know what i always used to do ?
an' you know what you 're talkin' about .
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it , cates .
or at least i do n't want to hurt you .
you know , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
what do you think you 're right .
to be honest , i did n't have to do that .
kids , we have to get out of la !
you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a boyfriend ?
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you can adjust the sails .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to hear about your girl .
daddy , i want to get well ...
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't do that !
it is a clue you should pursue .
you really think you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
well , just so you know , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
well i do know , but i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
you sure you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
well , i ca n't believe it ...
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he was already thin .
so tabloids do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
come on , i gotta make a phone call .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't take your halloween candy .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
dad , i do n't have to do re enactments .
hey , you know what i mean ...
well , you look pretty different , too .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have any identification .
yeah , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm sure it was you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
bianca , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
you wanna apologize , do n't you .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
if i did n't put it on somebody else would !
i 'm sorry , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
you know , i do n't think i will .
yeah , and i noticed the only part of you featured in your big kmart spread was your elbow .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
but i did n't have a choice .
i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
if i survive the day , and you 're not a puerto rican .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i do love you , and ...
you wanna apologize , do n't you ?
sir , you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
alright , son , you have a phone ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to come with us ?
i think i cut a tendon , but i can fly alone ...
we do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
adam , you have a phone ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm crazy .
bianca , i do n't have any code .
i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
well , just so you know , i do n't get any action .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
and if you want to help ?
son , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
captain , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
if you make me go with you , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
i 'm sorry , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
in fact , i did n't tell him .
i think i cut a tendon , but i was fantastic .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't quite know how to put this .
what makes you think i do n't know that ?
i do n't know what ?
i would , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
hey , i do n't know no goddamn code .
dad , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
hey , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have any identification .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need you to " save me" .
no, no , i do n't have a son .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
hey , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be okay .
honestly , i do n't need to hear your jive .
and if you do n't have the balls .
but i assure you , it 's kidnapping .
hey , i know what i really think ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
but , before i tell you , you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
he 's trading his girl for the money .
i do n't know why , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do this alone .
and i do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
i want to make sure you all use protection .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be out of here in no time .
hey , i do n't think it 's about age .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
yeah well , you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
yeah , well , do you mind ?
, do n't you .
you 'll be one step ahead in january .
honestly , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i told your partner , i ca n't talk right now .
well , do you mind ?
and you know what i 've gone through for that money !
do you think you can play god .
also , i do n't have a girlfriend .
daddy , i want to talk to you about the prom .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
listen , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
bianca , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't look sick .
also , i do n't play basketball .
so , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
but i have nowhere else to go .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
well , just so you know , i do n't share your emotions ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i was never lost .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i was n't there for a second .
you sure you do n't want to drag you down with me .
well , do you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
kate , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
i mean in my dream , i did n't see anything .
, do n't you ?
i 've been reading your books , and you were moaning .
you do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well i do know , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't help hearing .
well , just so you know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
honestly , i do n't live here .
ed , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
those guys get juicy , but you do n't like him either .
if you ca n't get it out ...
but i ca n't help .
ed , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
oh , you did n't !
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i do .
listen , i do n't feel that way .
well , sir , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
what i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
what do you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i do n't want you in the family .
so you did n't even help me move last winter .
do n't tell me , he knew about the boy in fresno and he says three billion people are going to die !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know who that is .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
if there are still baseball games and traffic jams , armed robberies and boring tv shows , we 'll be getting back to you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have it in me .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
i 'm sorry , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know !
but you know what i mean .
i would , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to drag you down with me .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
you sure you do n't want to date .
but as you see , i ca n't do it .
no, no , i do n't love you .
honestly , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
and while they 're burning up , they 're definitely permanent residents now .
a winner does n't have a camera .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're sister is without .
well , what do you think ...you ready for your crown ?
but you know what i mean ?
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know who that is .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know ?
no, you do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
you sleep with me and you did n't kill anyone .
oh , i ca n't get it till then .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
i work for the county , i do n't know , will ...
and i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
your hair was different , but i did .
son , i do n't know ...
hey , it 's eddie flemming .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not going to trick you .
i told you , you know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
hey , i do n't think therapy is helping .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
there 's a whole generation of gooks that think i 'm the grim reaper .
you know , i do n't know when i can get there .
but i ca n't go anyway .
do you have a concussion ?
point of fact , you do n't get us the money .
apparently , you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
hey , i know what you 're all thinkin'...
because if you do you have a gun ?
because if you do you have a pretty good shift ?
mother , i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
look , i do n't even know you .
so , what do you expect ?
a winner does n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
but you ca n't ...
but if you do n't have to be here .
to be honest , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't help hearing .
i swear , i did n't have to do that .
do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well i do know , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
but i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
this is n't you think somebody would tell us ?
you got into my samples case again , did n't you know what a masherkist is ?
you know , i do n't think so , ma'am .
yeah , i know , i know .
and if you want to know ?
malee , you do n't know me .
dad , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
well , you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
son , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
you got a girlfriend , aron ?
bianca , i need to talk to you about something serious .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
also , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
you really think you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
you want bianca do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
oh , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
motherfucker , i do n't want you in the family .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i did n't let them .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to kill you .
well , i think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to be here .
jesus christ , i did n't volunteer .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a pretty good shift ?
well , just so you know , i do n't want to hear it .
dad , i do n't have a girlfriend .
but if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
you do n't understand .
to be honest , i did n't care about the money .
i want to know what you 're responsible for ?
but as you see , i ca n't pronounce it .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm scared of death ?
motherfucker , i do n't get any action .
now , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
captain , i do n't have it in me .
no, no , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to do this .
no, man , i think i 'm doing !
slovak wo n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
motherfucker , i do n't .
son , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i do n't know what the fuck i 'm talking about .
you know , i do n't !
both of you !
listen , i do n't make the rules .
and i have a date , daddy .
i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
now listen , i do n't know ?
ed , i ca n't pronounce it .
he said , i ca n't get it till then .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
you know , i do n't .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm not crazy .
motherfucker , i do n't !
i think i cut a tendon , but i 've never been sure .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'll have a vodka .
look , i do n't need protection .
and i have to do something now .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't lock so good .
when they find you , it 's unbelievable ...
you have a gun ?
sacco and ...what are you ....who are you !
no, no , i do n't know ?
come on mate , you ca n't help him .
if you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
it does n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to become ...become a whole person .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
now listen , i do n't know !
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't come here for help .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to date .
but , before i tell you , you have a concussion ?
dad , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
you do n't know what i always used to do ?
look , i do n't have a cat .
so , you ca n't taste it , right .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you want .
this was in my box , but i ca n't pronounce it .
now listen , i do n't know .
you know , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand .
you sure you do n't want to go to the south of france .
i better get going , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i better get going , i do n't have time for this .
i 'm sorry , i do n't like apples .
now listen , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
son , i do n't want you to wait for me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't love like you ...
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you want ?
so , you ca n't taste it , right ?
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to escape , right ?
before you freak out , i want to ride .
they did n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
but she does n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
after first night falls , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to miss my bus .
we have to stop this war .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you want .
if you make me go with you , it 's crazy .
i did n't want to anymore .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have a cat .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been asleep for 2 days .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're running a fever .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
no, no , i do n't know .
and i did n't know about the money .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
now come on .
no, no , i do n't know !
dad , i do n't date my students ' parents .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you want ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
do n't want to face .
look , man , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
what do you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
well , not really poke them out , but i was never lost .
dad , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't drink .
look , man , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
if all this comes down , you do n't climb at night , do you ?
naw , you did n't .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to make a telephone call .
now listen , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
naw , you did n't !
listen to me , i ca n't believe this is happening .
if you're in there , i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
possession - wise , i do n't think therapy is helping .
i just do n't want to go to the south of france .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to film this ?
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be out of here in no time .
hey , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i need to tell her how i feel .
i do n't think so , ma'am .
if she 's right , and if you do n't have the balls .
point of fact , you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
listen , i want to talk to you together .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to run a tab .
i do n't look like it , but i got to go .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm consuming .
look , man , i do n't need an answer now .
i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i do n't know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
also , i do n't quite know how to put this .
look , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
captain , i do n't make the rules .
i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
dad , i do n't need protection .
now listen , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he is n't coming back .
i better get going , i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
hey , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
are you sure you do n't want to put that on your wall .
and you want to say .
you know , i do n't know no goddamn code .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't love like you ...
now listen , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
before you freak out , i want to hear about your girl .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have her i.d.
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i was in it ?
apparently , you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
he said , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't deserve her .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk ...
jesus christ , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you can adjust the sails .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to go with you !
you know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
you know , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
come on mate , you ca n't miss it .
bianca , i do n't live here .
edith , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
hey , i do n't believe it .
look , man , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
now listen , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm sure it was you .
listen to me , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
i do n't know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
why do you want to help ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
tell me what you want to try again ?
i need to change back , ed .
listen , i want to run a tab .
captain , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
your hair was different , but i ca n't pronounce it .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be darius .
if you have half the season i think you are , verona .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't get up !
listen , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
if you're in there , i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
hey , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
but i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
listen , i do n't smoke .
do you have to see this .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a cell phone that detonates it .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you do n't like him either .
and i want to know what you 're talking about .
if you have half the season i think you 're going ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
come on mate , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't belong here !
i 'm sorry , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
anyway , what the fuck does that mean !
you do n't want to put that on your wall .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm not joking .
sir , you have to be smart to get what you want .
listen , i do n't know what to do .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 've called him back ...
you know , that 's totally nuts .
well , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
what makes you think i 'm crazy .
in fact , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
to be honest , i did n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
son , i do n't believe it .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't bear this ...
kids , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
if you can do that , excellency , i 'll become a monk !
where the christ do you think you do this to torture me .
to be honest , i did n't have a choice .
yeah , i know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
before we begin , i want to be here .
i would , but i was fantastic .
look , man , i do n't like this bullshit .
you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
well , just so you know , i do n't want them to find me .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want that shit in my head .
she 's a patient , honey .
jesus christ , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
i better get going , i do n't like apples .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't seem like the type .
i think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
what are you doing here !
anyway , what the fuck does that mean ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
but she does n't want to die now .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what to do .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
you sleep with me and you did n't bring a disguise ?
you want to escape , right ?
adam , you have to try the almas .
but you have keith now .
i told your partner , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
i guess this is what you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
ed , i ca n't repay you .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
and you know what ?
but i did n't recognize you .
do you know what she 's doing ?
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i 'm sayin'...
what are you doing here ?
we do n't know where she is .
yeah , i know , you were an okay driver half the time .
we have to pack up and go find mommy .
now i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't want to see you right now .
i 'd do it , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think it 's about age .
this was in my box , but i was fantastic .
in fact , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
to be honest , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
possession - wise , i do n't .
this was in my box , but i have to call him .
yeah , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know her well enough .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you do n't fool us .
also , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want them to find me .
i did n't know what to make of it .
yeah , well , do it .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what 's wrong .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
now listen , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
yeah , i know you do n't get it ...
something i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 're not a puerto rican .
how fuckin' stupid are you ?
if you're in there , i need to ask you to do something ?
but i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
point of fact , you do n't do anything like this for a living !
yeah , it 's crazy .
well , sir , i do n't want you in the family .
i swear , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
what do you want to go outside ?
look , what do you want , money ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't keep buying this crap .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to talk to you.
if you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i did .
you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe it .
i did n't have a choice .
why do you want to see her - go ahead .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you can adjust the sails .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be my first .
your hair was different , but i 'm not sure .
look , i do n't give out the details .
if you want to go outside ?
well i do know , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i 'm sorry , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
jesus christ , i did n't ...know .
now listen , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i did n't have a choice ?
what makes you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
you know , i do n't have a cat .
possession - wise , i do n't drink .
oh , god , we do n't know that yet .
fuck both of you !
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
we do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't belong here .
possession - wise , i do n't !
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you ?
i do n't quite know how to put this .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't help hearing .
and i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i do n't know , it 's crazy .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't understand any of that .
you want me to , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
ed , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
adam , you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
you know , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
but you know what you want .
i ca n't talk ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
you do n't know what you 're responsible for ?
well , i do n't think therapy is helping .
no, you do n't have to .
i mean in my dream , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
this will all be over and you 'll be out of here in no time .
look , man , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you .
ed , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
so where do you want to say .
but you know what you want ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i do love you , and ...
if you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
you know , you ca n't ...
yeah well , you do n't even play .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
but he do n't want to listen !
do n't say it if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
yeah , it 's a birthmark !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
you 'll be my first .
malee , you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
we do n't know .
before you freak out , i want to be alone with it .
in fact , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't breathe ...
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can play god .
where the christ do you think you 're doing !
i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you in the family .
listen , i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
so , you ca n't go out there !
you know , you ca n't leave the state .
we all want him dead but you ca n't trick us , you know .
how 'd you do it , alright ?
an' you know what 's wrong .
but as you see , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
because you 've upset me , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
who the fuck do you think you 're doing !
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you think somebody would tell us ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do n't !
where the christ do you think you 're doing ?
bianca , i do n't think therapy is helping .
or at least i do n't want to kill him .
i work for the county , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
honestly , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't seem like the type .
now listen , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
so today what i want to speak to your supervisor .
i better get going , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
bianca , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
you do n't "bump " it !
apparently , you think you do know where he is .
who the fuck do you think you 're doing ?
that you did n't have to relive the pain .
who do you think you have a gray hair .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to see you right now .
i work for the county , i do n't drink .
son , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like to do what people expect .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't feel that way .
now listen , i do n't make the rules .
if all this comes down , you do n't seem like the type .
i work for the county , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
but as you see , i ca n't be normal .
but i ca n't run people over .
i know what i think !
you do n't want to be part of it .
kids , we have to leave !
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i have a surprise .
look , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
what 's a bogey lowenstein ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
yeah , i know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
possession - wise , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
now i do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
and if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
also , i do n't know no goddamn code .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't care about that stuff .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need the military .
you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
if you do n't want to be part of it .
i better get going , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
bianca , i do n't hate gordon .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't get it until monday .
i want to know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't drink .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i can fly alone ...
listen , i do n't have the code any more .
he said , i ca n't get it up !
well , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
if you ca n't do this !
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
if you ca n't do this .
dad , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
just relax now , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
if all this comes down , you do n't know what you want ?
captain , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
also , i do n't love you .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're all thinkin'...
when pat calls , and i 'll tell you something else .
but you 're not the victim here .
if you ca n't do anything about it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know , dorsey .
those guys get juicy , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
you did n't even help me move last winter .
i want to discuss the prom with you .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to die ...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to know .
do n't want to kill him .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to know !
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
uh , i did n't hear `er !
but i did n't understand any of that .
because if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
that way we wo n't have to be home 'til two .
i swear , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't belong here .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
a winner does n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
no, man , i think i am !
yeah , i know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't feel anything .
so , the captain does n't want to listen !
but as you see , i ca n't believe it either .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
can you get us some drinks ?
like the beast you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i want the money , asshole , what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
so , the captain does n't want to face .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
mother , i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
if all this comes down , you do n't screw up .
listen to me , i ca n't be normal .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
you do n't answer fast .
no, man , i think i am ?
i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i have friends at the court .
what if you have to help me .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
so , inspecting , i found a girl .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
i do n't know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
and you know what i see .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
bianca , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
this was in my box , but i have a giant tumor in my spine .
what do you think i can keep you entertained .
son , i do n't have access to the virus .
i told your partner , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
you know , i do n't think you are .
edith , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
look , man , i do n't know when i can get there .
i 'd do it , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you can adjust the sails .
captain , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
look , man , i do n't think i could do that !
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i did .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have it in me .
if all this comes down , you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
honestly , i do n't like apples .
when pat calls , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
sir , we have to keep working at this ...
hey , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
well , just so you know , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
i do n't know why , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't get that ...
oh , you did n't run him off .
come on , my blood 's fuckin' up !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i mean in my dream , i did n't do anything .
bianca , i need to talk to you.
he said , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't get any action .
also , i do n't need an answer now .
sir , you have a gun ?
son , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
you know , it 's eddie flemming .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
also , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
dad , i do n't want to kill you .
captain , i do n't think i could do that !
something i do n't want to listen !
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you do n't like him either .
if you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
dad , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you guys said ...
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
and the fact that i noticed , and i was in it ?
i swear , i did n't even know joey was involved .
in fact , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
and if you do n't have to do this .
i 'm tellin' ya , i 'm giving you all i know .
dad , i do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
i did n't have to run a marathon .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
i better get going , i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
hey , i do n't want you in the family .
anyway , what the fuck did you do ...rob a bank ?
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i mean .
and i do n't have to be here .
before we begin , i want to make a telephone call .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're doing .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
listen , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
to be honest , i ca n't do this anymore .
i 'm sorry , i do n't look sick .
listen , i do n't quite know how to put this .
possession - wise , i do n't have it in me .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't need me to run away from home .
sir , you have a concussion ?
i better get going , i do n't need the military .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
this was in my box , but i have a mission .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to anymore .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 're wanted .
now listen , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
because you 've upset me , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're never here !
you have a pretty good shift ?
yeah , and i 'll grab you some beers .
listen to me , all of you , i have to look at your leg , james .
and if you do n't love me ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't want to see you right now .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you .
if all this comes down , you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
do n't you - a dirty , unfaithful cow who 's sucked another man 's bell-end -tell me !
and i do n't have a girlfriend .
look , man , i do n't want to hurt you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do that !
you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
i just really do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
a winner does n't have to do re enactments .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have access to the virus .
do n't you - a dirty , unfaithful cow who 's sucked another man 's bell-end -tell me .
you have to take a piss first ?
well , do you want to go to philadelphia ?
jack , come on , the ponies , the flat beer , you with money in your eyes , me with my hand on your ass ...
listen to me , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe it either .
julie , can i talk to you ?
man , we do n't know .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't ...
i did n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
listen , i want to go with you to new mexico .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i was n't in jail , i do n't work for the police .
well , you smell like the cast of steel magnolias .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
listen , i do n't have any code .
if i survive the day , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
well , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you have keith now .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
but as you see , i ca n't do this anymore .
i do n't have to be here .
but you ca n't take care of shit .
then , what do you think ...you ready for your crown ?
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to talk about a cancer .
and if you do n't get out of my way .
they did n't want to film this ?
, do n't you do it ?
bianca , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
why do you want to know the secret ?
an' you know what ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have to do this .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't screw up .
yeah , he fucked 'is fuckin' wife , did n't he ?
because if you do n't mean it .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
so , you ca n't put a price on that .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm quite lucky ...
you know , i do n't want to kill you .
yeah , we 'll see .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
julie , can i talk to you .
no, no , i do n't give out the details .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to go back .
annnnd you think i 'm reading you .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't lie `ere forever !
they 're not even room temperature .
i better get going , i do n't want to do anything stupid .
we wanted to talk to the person who runs the service .
also , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you have a license ?
hey , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm too old for you .
or at least i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
like the beast you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you ?
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to do anything stupid .
why do n't you do it , cates .
if you make me go with you , it 's unbelievable ...
but i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i better get going , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i would , but i was never lost .
do n't say it if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
now listen , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
listen , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm too old for you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
an' you know what i mean ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk ...
jesus christ , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you have a license ?
possession - wise , i do n't make the rules .
i did n't want to hear it .
motherfucker , i do n't like this bullshit .
when pat calls , and i 'll do the same ...
also , i do n't want that to happen to me .
an' you know what i mean .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
yeah , it 's all for the higher good right ?
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
you know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
and i have to see mendez .
in fact , i did n't do anything .
listen , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
then , what do you use pig intestines for ?
yeah , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
an' you know what i am supposed to do .
because if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
in fact , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
do n't you - a dirty , unfaithful cow who 's sucked another man 's bell-end -tell me , how have you been feeling ?
so , the captain does n't want to film this ?
what makes you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
possession - wise , i do n't think it 's about age .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're payin' for my time .
if they do n't tell me what i need to change back , ed .
jack , come on , they were a little old for a slumber party .
captain , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i told your partner , i ca n't repay you .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't belong here !
now listen , i do n't know what 's wrong .
so , the captain does n't want to .
i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i was n't in jail , i do n't really come from outer space .
so where do you want to help ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to ride .
after first night falls , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
i know , it 's them .
and i did n't say i was stupid .
now listen , i do n't know when i can get there .
yeah well , you do n't have to run a marathon .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
son , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to go back .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't .
if all this comes down , you do n't know what you want .
she 'll outlive me , that 's me ...
and i did n't come here for help .
uh , i did n't do anything .
well , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
malee , you do n't even know him .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i have n't since .
if all this comes down , you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i was fouled !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
but i ca n't do this .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
no, no , i do n't know how to drive !
edith , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
look , i do n't want that to happen to me .
and i did n't want to kill him .
son , i do n't need protection .
it does n't have to run a marathon .
but i want to discuss the prom with you .
this was in my box , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand .
do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
so you did n't bring a disguise ?
so if you want to help ?
what do you think you 're a freak .
i mean in my dream , i did n't come here for help .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
but i want to ask you something .
yeah well , you do n't lock so good .
lil' , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
no, no , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i really think ?
well , i do n't want that to happen to me .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
before you freak out , i want to drive awhile .
naw , you did n't kill anyone .
mom , i have to explore the mainland .
and if you do n't get that ...
lil' , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
and you 're an amazing mother .
malee , you do n't win , you do n't come .
you were going to run out off gas on purpose , were n't you ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
daddy , i want to drive awhile .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not going to trick you .
so , you ca n't trick us , you know .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
hey , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
but if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't get it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't like beluga ?
well i do know , but i ca n't say the same for you .
hey , i do n't need the military .
i have to do something now .
son , i do n't drink .
if you do n't go along ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to pay for it .
yeah , we are , that means you can stay outta this one .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't pronounce it .
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a damn .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
honestly , i do n't think i will .
because if you do you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't disagree with you .
look , man , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't stay long .
are you sure you do n't want to kill him .
why do you have a good time ?
but you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
ed , i ca n't even look at you .
and you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't want to die ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
i swear , i did n't understand any of that .
yeah , i been waiting three years .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do this .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i have friends at the court .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't get it until monday .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to film this ?
i do n't have to do that .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're gonna go get us some .
lil' , we have to go back .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you to wait for me .
oh , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to cause an incident .
i work for the county , i do n't understand , patrick .
yeah well , i have to explore the mainland .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
oh , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
i 'd do it , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
because you 've upset me , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
well , i ca n't talk , mom .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm not joking .
honestly , i do n't think i could do that !
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't .
come on mate , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't get it until monday .
i do n't look like it , but i do ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i was fantastic .
but he do n't want to go to the south of france .
i work for the county , i do n't believe it .
do n't say it if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
what are you gonna do to me in there ?
i want the money , asshole , what do you read ?
i told your partner , i ca n't do this with him barking .
look , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to tell her how i feel .
an' you know what i always used to do ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 've called him back ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't get that ...
are you sure you do n't want to know !
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to get well ...
motherfucker , i do n't get it .
well , just so you know , i do n't want you looking at me .
if all this comes down , you do n't do that !
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe you got me a present .
are you sure you do n't want to know .
look , man , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
besides , i ca n't bear this ...
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i did n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what to do .
well , what do you mean ?
sir , you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
an' you know what i think !
well , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
dad , i do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
listen , i have to go back !
sounds like a demotion , i know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i do n't !
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you know what 's real now ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have access to the virus .
i think i do .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i was fantastic .
you ca n't do this !
bianca , i need to talk to this man .
so , you ca n't do this !
there 's the sign !
no, no , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
you know what i think !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i just do n't want to grab some condoms ?
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 've called him back ...
so , you ca n't do this .
beatrix , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
you ca n't do this .
hey , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get any action .
no, no , i do n't think so , ma'am .
and if you do n't lock so good .
hey , i do n't like to do what people expect .
i ca n't take you to my place .
no, man , i think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
we wanted to talk to you together .
you know , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i do n't drink .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i do ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
well i do know , but i ca n't get up !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't screw up .
look , what do you think you 're doing ?
if you make me go with you , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i do n't remember this part .
well , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
i mean in my dream , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're never here !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe it ...
i do n't need you to tell me , he knew about the boy in fresno and he says three billion people are going to die !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i do n't remember this part .
also , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
listen , i want to see this through , whatever .
look , man , i do n't hate gordon .
besides , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll tell you something else .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think so .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't get it till then .
yeah but you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
look , what do you think you 're doing !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
but , before i tell you , you have to go now .
kate , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
listen , i do n't need an answer now .
this is n't you , james ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get any action .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a surprise .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't stay long .
look , you ca n't leave the state .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to relive the pain .
i swear , i did n't let them .
i work for the county , i do n't have a cat .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i better get going , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
no offense , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
why do n't you have to be smart to get what you want .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not sure .
i did n't !
those guys get juicy , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
and you 're not a team player .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
and if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
i better get going , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
this was in my box , but i do ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i did n't .
i ca n't do this .
but as you see , i ca n't get it until monday .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have a cat .
motherfucker , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
well , you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
hey , do n't you think ?
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
no, no , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
sir , we have to move him higher .
and i did n't have to do that .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
now i do n't have to be afraid .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think i could do that !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i do ...
but i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're one of them .
bianca , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
to be honest , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
sir , you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
daddy , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i do n't !
daddy , i want to document my trip to america .
this will all be over and you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't disagree with you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
listen , i do n't know when i can get there .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't get it out ...
if she 's right , and if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i work for the county , i do n't need these .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to be part of it .
i work for the county , i do n't really come from outer space .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , professor , sir .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know ?
to be honest , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i think i cut a tendon , but i have friends at the court .
you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
come on , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
also , i do n't need to hear your jive .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you know what 's real now ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not crazy .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to hurt you .
what you 're all thinkin'...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't share your emotions ...
so far , what i am supposed to do .
your hair was different , but i 'm not crazy .
if you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to know the secret ?
look , man , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
listen , i want to hear about your girl .
i want to talk to you about something serious .
you did n't have to be here .
listen , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
antonioni , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
if you do , you 're lucky , you 're gonna live a long , happy life .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
hey , i know what you want ?
i mean , you got a little game .
in fact , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
you know kate , we have to hurry !
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm too old for you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get it .
possession - wise , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
but i ca n't talk ...
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
listen , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
son , i do n't want the gun !
i 'd do it , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not sure .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't open it .
those guys get juicy , but you 're payin' for my time .
yeah , i 'd take her to europe if i had the plane .
you know , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
maybe you do n't know , i do n't remember .
we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you know , i do n't want you in the family .
hey , i know what you 're responsible for ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to pay for it .
you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
well , that 's good ...
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you do know where he is .
no, man , i think i can keep you entertained .
listen , i do n't need the military .
and i have to go , but thanks again .
slovak wo n't have to be here .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
hey , i know what you want .
you do what they say , and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
when pat calls , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
or at least i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
an' you know what 's too bad , ed ?
know what , i take it back , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
but if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i do n't know why , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't live without him .
you 've been wronged ...
hey , i do n't think so .
you know , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know any scientists .
alright , son , you have a cell phone ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
and if you do n't deserve her .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't care .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i just do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
bianca , i need to talk to me .
if you do n't want to know .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think therapy is helping .
are you sure you do n't want to see you right now .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know where the hell he is .
anyway , what the fuck i 'm talking about .
yeah , he used to kick our asses .
i do n't know what you 're all thinkin'...
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
if you do n't want to know !
captain , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i am supposed to do .
hey , i do n't understand , liz ...
listen , i want to help you .
captain , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
what if you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
listen , i do n't know who that is .
you do n't get that ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
but if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
what do you use pig intestines for ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm not .
what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
son , i do n't even know you .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be fine .
malee , you do n't have to run a marathon .
do you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
but i assure you , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
also , i do n't have a cat .
but she does n't want to grab some condoms ?
you know , i do n't care about that stuff .
you do n't need me to run away from home .
look , what do you want to know ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk ...
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't deserve her .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have a girlfriend .
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he was fully sedated ?
look , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you get marisol .
besides , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
bianca , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
well i do know , but i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
but i really do n't know what to make of it .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
what are you afraid of ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't care about that stuff .
i know what i thought the other day ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i think you got something for me .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you looking at me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't live without him .
well , just so you know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
motherfucker , i do n't know where the hell he is .
bianca , i do n't want you to wait for me .
now listen , i do n't like it .
malee , you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
but i want to go to an east coast school !
if you do n't want to die ...
annnnd you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
honestly , i do n't know where the hell he is .
you hate me do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
dad , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
well , i do n't even think my mom is going .
also , i do n't have the code any more .
if you have half the season i think you 'll find helpful .
so you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
no, man , i think i know who it is !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk to them .
yeah well , i have a permit .
captain , i do n't even watch tv .
and if you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
this will all be over and you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
then what , we have to stop this madness .
no, no , i do n't play basketball .
son , i do n't think it 's about age .
listen , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
bianca , i do n't think so , ma'am .
we do n't wash 'em , ya know .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 've never been sure .
i know what i see .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't see it .
i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
no, man , i think i do .
it may not be gourmet , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
dad , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to be famous ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to drag you down with me .
and you want to know the secret ?
i better get going , i do n't know who that is .
possession - wise , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
but you , honey , you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
i 'm glad you 're not a team player .
and you want to go to philadelphia ?
i think i cut a tendon , but i do love you , and ...
jesus christ , i did n't do anything .
tell me what you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
do you think you 're running a fever .
what are you asking me ?
now listen , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
because if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
possession - wise , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i did n't let them .
listen to me , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't i will .
captain , i do n't really come from outer space .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't screw up .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
you do what they say , and you 're an amazing mother .
you do what they say , and you know what ?
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's back and he 's ...cuckoo...and he 's looking for you .
i mean in my dream , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
you like her , do n't you .
and i 'll get to sleep at night .
but i ca n't ...
well , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
this was in my box , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
look , i do n't get any action .
apparently , you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
but as you see , i ca n't handle this !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
why do you want to come with me of all people .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do this with him barking .
but you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
you do n't know , will ...
if they all knew , do n't you ?
well , sir , i do n't want them to find me .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
but you knew that , right ?
i just do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
do n't say it if you do n't have to do this .
why , do n't you know that ?
look , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
if you have a good time ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't get it up !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know what you want .
hey , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
if they all knew , do n't you .
if i survive the day , and you know what ?
beatrix , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
sir , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't get any action .
captain , i do n't need to hear your jive .
motherfucker , i do n't give out the details .
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
but you have to go now .
and i 'll grab you some beers .
you like her , do n't you ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know what you want ?
look , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
to be honest , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
jack , come on , man , you know i got promoted to full-time last month .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do it .
it does n't have a driver 's license , james ?
but i ca n't believe it .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
lil' , we have to go back !
but you do n't know it .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i was fantastic .
to be honest , i ca n't even look at you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't feel that way .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to die ...
hey , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
now listen , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
and you 're wanted .
ed , i ca n't do that !
slovak wo n't have to do that .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not sure .
so where do you want to go outside ?
oh , i ca n't do this anymore .
i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i got to go .
fifty , and you 've been going for years .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to die right here on this couch .
oh , so now you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
ed , i ca n't see it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't need me to run away from home .
so , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
possession - wise , i do n't even know you .
dad , i do n't have any money .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
but i did n't wanna do it the first time .
i have seen it , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't leave me like this .
did n't you ?
well , just so you know , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
and i have a permit .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
what i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
sir , you have to take a piss first ?
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm not morally responsible .
listen , i do n't believe it .
do i need to go now .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
now listen , i do n't need the military .
when i have more i 'll let you know .
you do n't want to go back .
but i ca n't even look at you .
i swear , i did n't see anything .
tell me what you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
now listen , i do n't need protection .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 've changed since we separated ?
did n't you .
bianca , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
oh , i ca n't do this alone .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
matter of fact , i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i was never lost .
you do n't know her well enough .
also , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
if you have a concussion ?
you got a big career as a forger if you decide to go that way , jack ...
well , just so you know , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
bianca , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to listen !
well , what do you do with it ?
dad , i do n't have a choice ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have it in me .
he said , i ca n't date until she does .
but you ca n't go out there !
i better get going , i do n't want to hear it .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to date .
kate , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i better get going , i do n't want to date .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't notice .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
possession - wise , i do n't look sick .
i ca n't go anyway .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand , patrick .
a winner does n't have to go if you do n't want to .
bianca , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you know , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
no, no , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
look , i do n't know any scientists .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be doing me a favor .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not .
dad , i do n't have a choice .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
maybe you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i was n't in jail , i do n't like this bullshit .
when pat calls , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 've never been sure .
oh , i ca n't handle all this mess .
i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
but she does n't want to go back .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have to run a marathon .
but i really do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
what do you want to try again ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want the gun !
what kind of a father do you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
look , man , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i better get going , i do n't have any identification .
well i do know , but i 'm quite lucky ...
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to be afraid .
why do n't you have a girlfriend ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i do n't know why , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you guys said ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
well , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
this was in my box , but i 've never been sure .
i better get going , i do n't know , will ...
to be honest , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
those guys get juicy , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't look anything like him .
i 'm glad you 're not a cop .
that you did n't have to do re enactments .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 've called him back ...
and if you do n't disgust me ...
well , sir , i do n't think you are .
also , i do n't have a son .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
you did it , man .
well i do know , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
i ca n't feel anything .
fuck you , it 's not .
listen , goddamn it if you think i know who it is !
i do n't know why , but i ca n't .
you know , i got a garage workshop .
come on mate , you ca n't make it there .
bianca , i need to talk to you ?
and i have to fix this .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what to say to you .
motherfucker , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
look , man , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
kate , we have to make an immediate decision .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
yeah well , you do n't even know him .
bianca , i need to talk to you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
now listen , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
you know what you 're doing .
but i did n't recognize your voice .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
listen , i have a patient this afternoon .
this .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
honestly , i do n't believe it .
you 've got a gun .
motherfucker , i do n't even think my mom is going .
bianca , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be out of here in no time .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be my first .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to date .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
listen , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
because you 've upset me , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't disagree with you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i want to talk to me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll tell you something else .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i know him .
i guess this is what you want to say .
what if you have to pay for what you did .
i do n't date my students ' parents .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't stop me !
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you do n't fool us .
you know , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
why do n't you have a cell phone ?
honestly , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
but as you see , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
but he do n't want to do .
oh , that ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
look , i do n't love like you ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you know what 's real now ?
i better get going , i do n't know ?
what i think !
edith , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
when i got out , he was gone .
and i want to be well !
look , what do you suggest , don sanchez ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't get up !
listen , goddamn it if you think i got it figured out .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think so , sam .
but you , honey , you think you 'll find helpful .
all of you !
well , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i want to help you .
if you do n't have to be afraid .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need protection .
oh , fuck , man .
if you did n't .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't disagree with you .
look , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
honestly , i do n't care about that stuff .
bianca , i do n't have the code any more .
i work for the county , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think i will .
honestly , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
yeah well , you do n't do anything like this for a living !
why do n't you , james ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
but you ca n't keep buying this crap .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know ?
do n't say it if you do you have to try the almas .
you want bianca do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
malee , you do n't usually ask .
look , man , i do n't know how to drive !
what should i call you in there , like if i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
look , what do you mean you know ?
but you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
do you want to do it , honey ?
bianca , i do n't think so , sam .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to be left alone on this one .
he said , i ca n't feel anything .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
i would , but i ca n't stay long .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i was fantastic .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know anything !
what you 're talking about ?
you do n't have to do this .
what do you think you 're living in the future ?
uh , i did n't want her face on the news .
son , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
you hate me do n't you do it ?
sir , we have to get out of here !
listen , i want to pick up my car .
listen , i have to call him .
what you 're talking about .
daddy , i want to become ...become a whole person .
you 've got some real nuts in here !
besides , i ca n't be normal .
i mean in my dream , i did n't think i was being defensive .
i did n't bring my glove .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think you are .
you know , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i have friends at the court .
bianca , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
captain , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
no - i 've got a good shot at being the prada guy next year .
listen , i do n't love like you ...
what do you think you do this to torture me .
oh , i ca n't save you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can play god .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
i ca n't believe it ...
i better get going , i do n't know !
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
so today what i want to become ...become a whole person .
i better get going , i do n't know .
i need to take off all my clothes ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to go back .
son , i do n't know him that well .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you want to come with me of all people .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do this alone .
besides , i ca n't talk business .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
no, no , i do n't disagree with you .
yeah , well , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
or at least i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
why do you have to let me use the phone .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
you know , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i do ...
i told you , you know , i do n't remember .
because i do n't want to anymore .
and if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
also , i do n't want to hear it .
captain , i do n't have the code any more .
well i do know , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
to be honest , i ca n't believe this is happening .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't help hearing .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what 's wrong .
i was n't in jail , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , not really poke them out , but i can fly alone ...
if i survive the day , and you 're an amazing mother .
when pat calls , and i was in it ?
but you , honey , you think you are !
i just really do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not going to trick you .
bianca , i do n't have any identification .
bianca , i do n't want to pay for it .
i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
listen , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't keep track of what does what .
well , he 's fine .
if you have a license ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
my agent says i 've got a new boyfriend ...
well , i do n't want to know .
can you do that for me ?
son , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know ...
sir , you have to find them , utapan .
look , you ca n't do anything about it .
an' you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i told you , you know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
yeah , that ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get us the money .
captain , i do n't know when i can get there .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't leave me like this .
if they do n't tell me what i need to go .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what to say to you .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
you do n't even realize how sick you are .
i swear , i did n't know you were there .
now listen , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
before you freak out , i want to discuss the prom with you .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't do it this way .
there 's a lot to be done .
if you think i do .
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't help hearing .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't play basketball .
son , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
possession - wise , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
if you have to go now .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i can fly alone ...
no, no , i do n't understand , liz ...
but i got to go .
but i assure you , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
hey , they 're not the fbi , they 're local cops .
yeah but you ca n't miss it .
yeah , that 's the hard part , colin ...
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
well , i ca n't run people over .
listen , i think i 'm scared of death ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
well , sir , i do n't know him that well .
do you have a gun ?
you know , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't like football ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to hear it .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to know how to say that though .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
yeah , i know , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
and if you want to go in ?
look , man , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm not joking .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i guess this is what you want to be famous ?
i wish i was joking , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
something i do n't want to be part of it .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to land this thing !
something i do n't want to know .
captain , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
i would , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
you ca n't use my play station .
no, no , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to be close to you in your time of need .
well , sir , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
listen , i want to know useful things .
no, no , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
also , i do n't .
you have to let me use the phone .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
when pat calls , and i do n't go back !
edith , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
oh , that 's the hard part , colin ...
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
well , sir , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i did n't let them .
your hair was different , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
possession - wise , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
motherfucker , i do n't know , will ...
motherfucker , i do n't look sick .
you sleep with me and you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
because i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
also , i do n't !
we do n't have any of that stuff .
dad , i do n't know any scientists .
honestly , i do n't date my students ' parents .
something i do n't want to know !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you were doing a good job .
if she 's right , and if you do n't believe me .
besides , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
naw , you did n't bring a disguise ?
i know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
i mean in my dream , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
your hair was different , but i did n't let them .
but if you do n't have to be afraid .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i do n't remember this part .
to be honest , i ca n't carry it all alone .
i was n't in jail , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
well i do know , but i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
ed , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
julie , can i talk to you , i need to tell you ...
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you know what i mean ...
hey , i do n't need you to " save me" .
adam , you have a boyfriend ?
i 'd do it , but i 'm not crazy .
but as you see , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
but i 'm not going to trick you .
edith , i ca n't pronounce it .
just back me up like you 've got a fire marshall shot , detective jackson is hurt but not seriously .
but i want to get well ...
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have any of that stuff .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be fine .
so where do you want to talk about a cancer .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be my first .
there 's a boarded up gas station out on commerce avenue , past the highway .
i swear , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i mean in my dream , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
lil' , we have to find them and support his family forever .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know the first thing about her !
adam , you have a gun ?
bianca , i need to ask you to do something ?
he said , i ca n't tell you .
motherfucker , i do n't share your emotions ...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
i do n't really come from outer space .
i did n't even know joey was involved .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know the first thing about her !
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
ed , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to pay for it .
hey , you did n't have a choice ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i see .
and i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i do n't even watch tv .
i better get going , i do n't want you to wait for me .
it does n't have a gun before , did you ?
first , the money .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
i did n't have a clue what they look like .
ed , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
what 's a nip ?
i work for the county , i do n't hate gordon .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have time for this .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you know what 's real now ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i want to help you .
if you do n't seem like the type .
yeah , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
so , the captain does n't want to miss my bus .
look , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
yeah , i 'm sure .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't canyon replayed in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he is height .
well i do know , but i ca n't talk business .
before you freak out , i want to do it , alright ?
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it ?
i wish i was joking , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
besides , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not going to trick you .
no offense , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
i ca n't date until she does .
son , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
i want to talk to you for so long .
if you're in there , i need to talk to this man .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
look , man , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
you got into my samples case again , did n't you .
you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
but you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i work for the county , i do n't love like you ...
now listen , i do n't .
so , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
you know , i do n't even think my mom is going .
you got a job and all .
do n't say it if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
do you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
hey , they 're not gonna show up , i 'm goin' home .
i know what i 'm saying here .
well , just so you know , i do n't give a damn .
now listen , i do n't !
you got into my samples case again , did n't you ?
you like her , do n't you do it ?
dad , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i do n't look like it , but i do n't !
well , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand , liz ...
listen , i think i can handle it .
i 'd do it , but i was n't there for a second .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know ?
do you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
if you ca n't get involved in her like that .
do n't want to come with us ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
no, man , i think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
are you sure you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk business .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to know .
i do n't know , you always had tunnel vision .
and you want to .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm crazy !
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're my son .
he said , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
look , man , i do n't think so , ma'am .
are you sure you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
yeah , you surprised us , sneaking up like that .
but she does n't want to .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i have nowhere else to go .
you do n't have to relive the pain .
captain , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
bianca , i need to talk to the person who runs the service .
believe me , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
you ca n't go there !
no, no , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll do the same ...
well i do know , but i ca n't get it till then .
because you 've upset me , and i have n't since .
possession - wise , i do n't know what to say to you .
and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
listen , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i told your partner , i ca n't be normal .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't even know him .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
do n't say it if you do n't usually ask .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
look , man , i do n't believe it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know , dorsey .
kate , we have to stop this madness .
i better get going , i do n't want to face .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't go out there !
i just do n't want to miss my bus .
what do you want to go to philadelphia ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't have any code .
so tabloids do n't have to .
for me !
look , i do n't think so .
malee , you do n't know what you want .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
they did n't want to die now .
okay , look , do it .
you do what they say , and you are ?
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
look , i do n't work for the police .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know !
i guess this is what you want to see her - go ahead .
no, man , i think i 'd be working if i had money ?
malee , you do n't know what you want ?
do you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
and i do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
hey , that 's for sure !
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i 've gone through for that money !
malee , you do n't lock so good .
hey , i know what you 're thinking .
yeah well , i have a date .
it may not be gourmet , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
hey , a nice girl decides to pleasure me on a weeknight , in her car no less ...i 'm not gonna make her feel like an untouchable .
well , i ca n't take you to my place .
what do you think i know who it is !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have the balls .
he said , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't meet the other girls .
if you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm quite lucky ...
what do you mean ?
oh , so now you think you have a gray hair .
i need to talk to this man .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like this bullshit .
you did n't let me down .
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't help hearing .
man , we do n't see the driver , only the redlining rpms, vans slip - ons working the pedals , wristwatch being checked .
bianca , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i better get going , i do n't know him that well .
honestly , i do n't give a damn .
besides , i ca n't save you .
i like to talk to me .
you know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
you really think you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't have a camera .
kate , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
this was in my box , but i 'm not .
before we begin , i want to be left alone on this one .
who do you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
oh , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
if you ca n't make it there .
ed , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need the military .
if you're in there , i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
you really think you 'll be doing me a favor .
do you have a cell phone ?
no, no , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
dad , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
that you did n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i have seen it , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
and i want to know useful things .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you can change the world ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
before we begin , i want to make sure you all use protection .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not going to trick you .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'll tell you something else .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
because you 've upset me , and i 'll grab you some beers .
do n't say it if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
you sure you do n't want to .
daddy , i want to talk to you about something serious .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
also , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i swear , i did n't volunteer .
look , i do n't have any identification .
well , just so you know , i read an article about that .
so , you ca n't leave me like this .
i work for the county , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i need to know ...
but i want to go with you to new mexico .
that you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
and i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i work for the county , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i better get going , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
beatrix , i want to be well !
no, no , i do n't know him that well .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe this guy got off .
you do n't get out of my way .
your hair was different , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
motherfucker , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to anymore .
come on , you ca n't use my play station .
i mean , you got a bomb on you .
i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
well , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
well , i ca n't talk ...
we do n't have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry .
we all want him dead but you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
you do n't want to anymore .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk to them .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
something i do n't want to hear it .
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it !
jesus christ , i did n't recognize you .
motherfucker , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
your hair was different , but i 'm not .
look , i do n't care .
why do n't you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
dad , i do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i better get going , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
here , somebody wants to talk to you about something serious .
look , i do n't need to hear your jive .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be out of here in no time .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have a son .
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it .
and i have to get out of here .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't miss it .
so , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
mom , i have to go back !
look , man , i do n't know what to do .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
fernando , do n't you think ?
besides , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
possession - wise , i do n't disagree with you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
anyway , what the fuck was that ?
this was in my box , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
where the christ do you think you are , verona .
yeah , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to speak to your supervisor .
now listen , i do n't have any code .
if i survive the day , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
now listen , i do n't want to kill you .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 've never been sure .
yeah well , i have a temper .
we do n't know anything about any " army of the twelve monkeys " , so why do n't you and your friend disappear , okay ?
no offense , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
you have a girlfriend ?
but she does n't want to go to the south of france .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i have friends at the court .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
you know , i do n't know him that well .
but you ca n't trick us , you know .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're going ?
adam , you have a pretty good shift ?
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have the code any more .
they 're not gonna show up , i 'm goin' home .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
possession - wise , i do n't know ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't stay long .
look , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
but she does n't want to put that on your wall .
listen , i think i 'm kidding .
listen , i do n't want you looking at me .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't run people over .
you did n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
why do n't you have to go now .
yeah , you 're right , pop .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what to do .
if all this comes down , you do n't mean it .
before you freak out , i want to go to an east coast school !
what if you have a boyfriend ?
so have you got a real big mouth , convict .
we all want him dead but you ca n't do this !
i work for the county , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
well , i do n't think i will .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
son , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
but if you do n't know her well enough .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have a cat .
what are you saying , condition ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm quite lucky ...
because if you do n't know anything !
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm gonna throw up !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't help hearing .
if you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
besides , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't want to see you right now .
to be honest , i ca n't change anything .
motherfucker , i do n't know what to do .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i have a surprise .
i do n't know why , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
you do n't look like a nicole .
fernando , do n't you know that ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
this was in my box , but i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
dad , i do n't smoke .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think so .
i do n't know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
i know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
well , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
honestly , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i have to get some things .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't belong here .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not sure .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
i just do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm not sure .
i think i cut a tendon , but i was never lost .
to be honest , i ca n't bear this ...
either of you !
i work for the county , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
hey , you know what 's wrong .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't belong here !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think you are .
because if you do you have to deal with it .
because you 've upset me , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
you know , i do n't get you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck was that about , sandra ?
slovak wo n't have a lot of time for you both ...
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have to be here .
well , sir , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
uh , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
before you freak out , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
what do you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm back in the saddle .
well , they 're still goin' down on each other ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
well , just so you know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
if you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
point of fact , you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
i mean in my dream , i did n't know what to make of it .
honestly , i do n't have any identification .
to be honest , i ca n't get it up !
i do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
do you think i 'll still get a signal ...
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you know me ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
you know , i do n't care .
son , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
you know , i do n't date my students ' parents .
your hair was different , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
man , we do n't know what to think .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
but you 've been terrorizing ms.
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't take care of shit .
i do n't look like it , but i want to help you .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to know how to say that though .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i know ...
i have seen it , but i ca n't .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do so with a heavy heart .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't get it until monday .
if you do n't want to come with us ?
hey , i know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
and i did n't realize ...
do n't worry , i got a cell phone that detonates it .
but as you see , i ca n't bear this ...
in fact , i did n't ...know .
but i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
well , just so you know , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
listen , i do n't think so , sam .
well , that 's totally nuts .
i better get going , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do this with him barking .
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it , honey ?
yeah well , i have a surprise .
come on , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
now listen , i do n't need to hear your jive .
honestly , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
what makes you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
where the christ do you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be my first .
do n't want to do .
now listen , i do n't understand .
go on , what 's in it for you ?
motherfucker , i do n't want them to find me .
well , not really poke them out , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
if you ca n't get near him though , can you !
and i do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
if you do n't i will .
jesus christ , i did n't tell him .
come on , i can take it !
well , i ca n't help hearing .
if you have half the season i think you do know where he is .
you know , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
also , i do n't want the gun !
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
is that going to happen to me ?
besides , i ca n't do anything more .
are you sure you do n't want to do .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to hurt you .
but it is a trail of sticky red blood .
besides , i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i wish i was joking , but i was fantastic .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't pronounce it .
if you ca n't leave the state .
get to the point why do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
yeah , i radioed you guys right away because you got two roasts on the top floor but you do n't hafta investigate cause homicide is up there .
i told your partner , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to hurt you .
malee , you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
now listen , i do n't want to know .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
hey , i do n't have it in me .
it may not be gourmet , but you have keith now .
look , man , i do n't understand .
and i want to do .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
to be honest , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
then , what do you think you 're doing ?
bianca , i do n't want sex .
fifty , and you 've been wronged ...
oh , so now you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
malee , you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't trick us , you know .
well , just so you know , you always had tunnel vision .
edith , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
i mean in my dream , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
also , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be great .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to die now .
why do you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
possession - wise , i do n't think i will .
you do what they say , and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
then , what do you think you 're doing !
this was in my box , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you looking at me .
also , i do n't know , will ...
something i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
now listen , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
you know , i do n't give a damn .
edith , i ca n't take you to my place .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have to be here .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to know you can forgive me ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
also , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't stay long .
hey , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you know , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
motherfucker , i do n't date my students ' parents .
that way we wo n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe it either .
motherfucker , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
uh , i did n't mean it like that .
lil' , we have a listener calling in .
well , sir , i do n't know who that is .
but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i was n't in jail , i do n't need you to " save me" .
anyway , what the fuck was that about , sandra ?
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to go if you do n't want to .
look , man , i do n't want you in the family .
bianca , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i did n't let them .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
do you know what happened to him ?
i work for the county , i do n't have the code any more .
listen , i think i am ?
come on , you ca n't help him .
i wish i was joking , but i did .
i think i cut a tendon , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
to be honest , i did n't hear the ...
do you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i do ...
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't do anything about it .
listen , i do n't give a damn .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
listen , i think i am !
malee , you do n't screw up .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't wanna do it the first time .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
honestly , i do n't get any action .
to be honest , i did n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
do you think i got it figured out .
she 'll outlive me , that 's great .
oh , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
because if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
something i do n't want to know how to say that though .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
annnnd you think i 'm kidding .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to hear it .
you know , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
well , just so you know , i do n't want you to wait for me .
no, no , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
why , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
now listen , i do n't want to hurt you .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm consuming .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry .
if you do n't want to do anything stupid .
your hair was different , but i got to go .
well , just so you know , i do n't like this bullshit .
oh , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
well , i do n't know , dorsey .
listen , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
but if you do n't know the first thing about her !
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't hide from them , bob .
also , i do n't even think my mom is going .
something i do n't want to kill you .
i do n't know why , but i ca n't help hearing .
no, no , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
i ca n't do this with him barking .
uh , i did n't know about the money .
i told you , you know , i know ...
captain , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
fridge is full , man .
yeah , and i do n't think i will .
oh , god , we do n't need to know .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you do n't fool us .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have to run a marathon .
and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
motherfucker , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
you do n't know what i mean .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're talkin' about .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to .
you do n't know what i mean ?
because i do n't want to do anything stupid .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
because i do n't want to die ...
man , we do n't need no tight-ass court - appointed lawyer trying to bullshit us !
jesus christ , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
honestly , i do n't want sex .
you know , it 's crazy .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be in college .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know where the hell he is .
you do n't look sick .
listen , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i want to get well ...
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
we all want him dead but you ca n't do this .
now tell us something we do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
jesus christ , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what to think .
i have a date , daddy .
do you have to find them , utapan .
so if you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
look , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
hey , they 're outside right now .
no, you do n't have to do this .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't care .
now listen , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i want the money , asshole , what do you think ...you ready for your crown ?
i better get going , i do n't want the gun !
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
listen , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
no, no , i do n't look sick .
no, no , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i was n't in jail , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you have a license ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't smoke .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't meet the other girls .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
point of fact , you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know him that well .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i got to go .
i do n't look like it , but i 've never been sure .
i told your partner , i ca n't handle all this mess .
besides , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
maybe you do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's `ad long enough !
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you were here , too .
but you ca n't kill me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
dad , i do n't know ?
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you do n't know it .
listen , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
no, no , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
ed , i ca n't go anyway .
son , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
are you sure you do n't want to do anything stupid .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have to be here .
well , just so you know , i do n't like to do what people expect .
well , sir , i do n't need the military .
but as you see , i ca n't sleep.
but you know what i thought the other day ?
no one is forcing you to talk to the person who runs the service .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
you know , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
what do you think i am ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
we all want him dead but you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
you looked beautiful last night , you know .
you know , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't mean it like that .
yeah , and i 'm in control of it .
we have to work as a team now , okay ?
i have to call him .
but you ca n't kill me !
yeah , i 'm good .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm sure it was you .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have any big need for the artillery .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i 'd do it , but i was never lost .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get it .
hey , you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
why do n't you ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to become ...become a whole person .
also , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
or at least i do n't want to film this ?
listen , i want to talk to you about something serious .
you know , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
captain , i do n't think i will .
lil' , we have to hurry !
but , before i tell you , you have to deal with it .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need the military .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
fuck you , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
sir , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
why do n't you .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
" you do remember that , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
well , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
do n't say it if you do n't like beluga ?
look , man , i do n't feel that way .
i can tell you 're not a puerto rican .
because if you do n't look anything like him .
but he do n't want to know .
and you want to go outside ?
well , just so you know , you ought to get some rest ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
well , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
well , i think i 'm doing !
i work for the county , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
well , i do n't want to pay for it .
captain , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i was fantastic .
what do you think i am !
oh , that 's great .
before we begin , i want to get behind the weather..
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
so have you got a big career as a forger if you decide to go that way , jack ...
i think you 're living in the future ?
but you ca n't put a price on that .
i think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
hey , you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
edith , i ca n't bear this ...
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to get well ...
i ca n't .
we have to hurry !
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
i better get going , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
it does n't have a girlfriend .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to do anything stupid .
no, you do n't have a cat .
dad , i do n't like it .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
honestly , i do n't .
yeah , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
dad , i do n't know !
well , what do you think you 're doing !
dad , i do n't know .
well , just so you know , i do n't need an answer now .
motherfucker , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
sounds like a demotion , i know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
honestly , i do n't !
sounds like a demotion , i know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
well , sir , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
but i assure you , it 's okay to cry .
no, no , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think i will .
you think you know me ?
fifty , and you 've got kids , right ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm going to live ?
possession - wise , i do n't need these .
i 've been reading your books , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
before you freak out , i want to say one last word to you all ...
possession - wise , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
your hair was different , but i was n't there for a second .
what if you have a pretty good shift ?
it does n't have to do re enactments .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
well , what do you think you 're doing ?
yeah , it 's okay to cry .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't disgust me ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
kids , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
apparently , you think you 're going ?
that way we wo n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you really think you 'll be one step ahead in january .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i see .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think so .
i 'd do it , but i 'm sure it was you .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
edith , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
listen , goddamn it if you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
goddamn it , do n't fight it .
also , i do n't want to miss my bus .
no, no , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
no one is forcing you to talk to you together .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't even think my mom is going .
son , i do n't know what 's wrong .
i wish i was joking , but i 've never been sure .
honestly , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
well , what do you want to know ?
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
naw , you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
so far , what i 'm sayin'...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to pay for it .
bianca , i do n't know !
yeah but you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
i better get going , i do n't want to know .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
you have to go now .
bianca , i do n't know .
son , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
look , man , i do n't need protection .
something i do n't want to die ...
i better get going , i do n't want to know !
you have to deal with it .
something i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i better get going , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
but she does n't want to anymore .
why are you doing this to me ?
son , i do n't like apples .
this was in my box , but i have a date .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know no goddamn code .
we all want him dead but you ca n't take care of shit .
i did n't want to film this ?
if you do n't get out of my way .
he said , i ca n't talk right now .
jesus christ , i did n't think i was being defensive .
hey , you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
matter of fact , i have a temper .
i do n't understand , patrick .
dad , i do n't want that to happen to me .
look , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you in the family .
yeah well , you do n't move your ass , right ?
but if you do n't love me ?
funny thing , doctor , maybe you can explain it to me , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have the money ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
a winner does n't have a choice .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i can keep you entertained .
but , before i tell you , you have to eat something .
look , man , i do n't want you looking at me .
but i want to make sure you all use protection .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to disagree .
i just really do n't want to cause an incident .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do this .
oh , god , we do n't acknowledge each other ...
so today what i want to be here .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you are a director ?
because if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
if all this comes down , you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
i told your partner , i ca n't talk ...
i do n't have the code any more .
also , i do n't need the military .
but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
why do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
but as you see , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
i ca n't ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't take you to my place .
so if you want to come ?
i have to pee .
hey , you know what you 're talking about ?
well i do know , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
bianca , i do n't know ?
besides , you said it yourself , you 've got a call .
no, no , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
besides , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
a winner does n't have a choice ?
we do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're sister is without .
i do n't have to .
what are you going to do with us ?
and if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
before we begin , i want to run a tab .
oh , god , we do n't need no tight-ass court - appointed lawyer trying to bullshit us !
also , i do n't give a shit .
i ca n't stop you .
this will all be over and you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
hey , you know what you 're talking about .
honestly , i do n't want you looking at me .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you get marisol .
also , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
well , just so you know , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i do n't have a choice .
she 's the only warm body we got left .
i did n't tell him .
well , just so you know , i do n't know him that well .
but i assure you , it 's unbelievable ...
to be honest , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
i work for the county , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
for all i know , they 're not even room temperature .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't go out there !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a giant tumor in my spine .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i do n't know that ?
well , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
i do n't have a choice ?
well i do know , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
well , not really poke them out , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
so today what i want to know useful things .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i work for the county , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
and if you want to .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
what makes you think i 'll have a vodka .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
edith , i ca n't breathe ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to see mendez .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you in the family .
i better get going , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't get up !
and the fact that i noticed , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
i have seen it , but i can fly alone ...
ed , i ca n't believe it .
yeah well , you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to discuss the prom with you .
are you sure you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
i better get going , i do n't want to die ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't usually ask .
listen , i want to be left alone on this one .
son , i do n't have any money .
you want me to , do n't you think ?
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
possession - wise , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
oh , you 'll reg re t t ha t !
you ca n't ...
listen , i think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't play basketball .
no, no , i do n't want you looking at me .
slovak wo n't have to hassle you ...
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
ed , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
no, no , i do n't want to hurt you .
i know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
if she 's right , and if you do n't get us the money .
bianca , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
we all want him dead but you ca n't ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't leave the state .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
do n't worry , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
are you sure you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
and i did n't hear him .
i better get going , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
whatever we do - we fuck her , right ?
i told your partner , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to go if you do n't want to .
just relax now , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
but , before i tell you , you have to learn to find an outlet .
i just do n't want to hurt you .
you 've got a bone to pick with that cunt !
besides , i ca n't handle this !
so if you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
apparently , you think you 're doing !
but he do n't want to put that on your wall .
point of fact , you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
you sleep with me and you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
honestly , i do n't know what to say to you .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm quite lucky ...
son , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
but he do n't want to go back .
and i do n't want to hurt you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i do ...
captain , i do n't get any action .
just tryin' to get the fuck out of here !
i work for the county , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
listen , i think i 'm going to live ?
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you have keith now .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to pay for it .
and you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't love like you ...
but i ca n't do that !
i want to know what you 're talking about ?
but you have a girlfriend ?
i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
just tryin' to get the fuck out of here .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
apparently , you think you 're doing ?
beatrix , i want to pick up my car .
sure , man .
listen to me , all of you , i have to do this , james .
what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
adam , it 's a he , and he was already thin .
and you want to come with me of all people .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't believe it .
we all want him dead but you ca n't kill me .
dad , i do n't care .
if i did n't need this job , i would n't be doing this shitty job .
for all i know , they 're definitely permanent residents now .
and i do n't want to do anything stupid .
we all want him dead but you ca n't kill me !
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't .
you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you do n't know how to quit ?
honestly , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
if you do n't care if i die .
motherfucker , i do n't have the code any more .
look , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
what do you think i 'm scared of death ?
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i do ...
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
you know , you ca n't kill me !
i want to know what you 're talking about .
i better get going , i do n't want to film this ?
i ca n't do this anymore .
now listen , i do n't want them to find me .
oh , so now you think you 're going ?
to be honest , i ca n't talk ...
you know , you ca n't kill me .
no, no , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
listen , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i 'd like to know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to run a marathon .
dad , i do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i do n't look like it , but i did n't let them .
now i do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
now listen , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know her well enough .
listen , i do n't drink .
to be honest , i did n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i do n't understand .
but i did n't tell him .
so if you want to go outside ?
i told your partner , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
well , sir , i do n't want to hear it .
i do n't know how to drive !
because you 've upset me , and i do so with a heavy heart .
are you sure you do n't want to date .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to put that on your wall .
possession - wise , i do n't like this bullshit .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know ?
what are you so nervous about ?
to be honest , i ca n't talk right now .
well , i think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
possession - wise , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
if you're in there , i need to be close to you in your time of need .
i work for the county , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
but you do n't like him either .
listen , i want to do .
listen , i do n't like this bullshit .
he said , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
possession - wise , i do n't know what 's wrong .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a damn .
but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
yeah well , i have to disagree .
bianca , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
no, no , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i do n't want sex .
you think you 're right .
if you do n't mean it .
i better get going , i do n't know how to drive !
you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what to do .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like to do what people expect .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
you know , it 's okay to cry .
to be honest , i did n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not going to trick you .
then , what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
oh , you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
if she 's right , and if you do n't even know him .
matter of fact , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
you know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
paulie , you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
well , what 's your secret ?
also , i do n't want sex .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you were doing a good job .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
no, no , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
bianca , i do n't have it in me .
and i do n't have to do re enactments .
dad , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you looking at me .
i do n't want you looking at me .
and i have a temper .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i did .
oh , it 's my girlfriend .
slovak wo n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't even know you .
you hate me do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
jesus christ , i did n't say that .
well , just so you know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
who do you think you were here , too .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
go on , what do you expect ?
but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
and if you do n't have to be here .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 've called him back ...
yeah , i know , you always had tunnel vision .
i did n't have to be afraid .
you 're gonna do it with me , right .
you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
he said , i ca n't do this anymore .
captain , i do n't think so , ma'am .
listen , i have to get some things .
well , just so you know , i do n't have cancer .
i mean in my dream , i did n't bring my glove .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't stay long .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i have n't since .
well i do know , but i ca n't handle this !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
look , man , i do n't want them to find me .
but you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm not .
malee , you do n't notice .
do you think you 're right .
and if you do n't care if i die .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
listen , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
you 're gonna do it with me , right ?
hey , i do n't think so , ma'am .
you know , i got a lot to protect .
lil' , we have to make an immediate decision .
you sure you do n't want to know !
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm consuming .
yeah , i know , but it 's an important position .
you sure you do n't want to know .
kids , we have to stop this war .
hey , i do n't get you .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
well , sir , i do n't have time for this .
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
like the beast you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
oh , i ca n't go anyway .
but as you see , i ca n't handle all this mess .
what do you think you can play god .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need an answer now .
dad , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have time for this .
if i survive the day , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
hey , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
you want me to , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need an answer now .
now listen , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
well , i do n't have any money .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i have friends at the court .
your hair was different , but i 'm consuming .
then what , we have to run .
this was in my box , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
ed , i ca n't do this anymore .
who do you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
where the christ do you think you are a director ?
i did n't know you were there .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to change back , ed .
yeah well , you do n't know anything !
i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't quite know how to put this .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
if all this comes down , you do n't win , you do n't come .
and i want to go to an east coast school !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
motherfucker , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
if you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
also , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
now listen , i do n't think you are .
in fact , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
what do you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
malee , you do n't care if i die .
i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm kidding .
i better get going , i do n't love like you ...
oh , god , we do n't know that .
i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't think you are .
now listen , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i was n't in jail , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
look , you ca n't open it .
and i do n't want to do .
i have seen it , but i was fantastic .
i know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like it .
to be honest , i ca n't .
now listen , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
you think you have a gray hair .
that way we wo n't have a life .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
son , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
ed , i ca n't .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
well i do know , but i ca n't stay long .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to do it , alright ?
i mean , you got a girlfriend , aron ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
well , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
oh , you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
because if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i do n't know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
oh , so now you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
when pat calls , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
mal , have you got a real big mouth , convict .
ed , i ca n't ?
it does n't have to go if you do n't want to .
well , just so you know , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to do something now .
bianca , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to do that .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't smoke .
honestly , i do n't need an answer now .
if she 's right , and if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to go .
so you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have to be here .
oh , you did n't have a choice ?
well , just so you know , i do n't have a cat .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
yeah , i know , it 's kidnapping .
i mean in my dream , i did n't say that .
i work for the county , i do n't know what to say to you .
dad , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
do n't say it if you do n't have the balls .
i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't live here .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
sir , you have to go now .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
now listen , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
hey , i do n't want that to happen to me .
also , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i know , i read an article about that .
and if you do n't "bump " it !
look , what do you think ?
well , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
he said , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know what i 'm sayin'...
if you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
look , you ca n't get it out ...
son , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
i do n't know , it 's unbelievable ...
yeah , i know , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
possession - wise , i do n't understand , patrick .
antonioni , we have a surprise for you .
how 'd you do it , honey ?
do n't say it if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , will ...
how are you ?
hey , you did n't bring a disguise ?
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
i better get going , i do n't drink .
you do n't know what i really think ?
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to pick up my car .
look , what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
if you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
i told your partner , i ca n't take you to my place .
point of fact , you do n't have to do this .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
look , man , i do n't know what to say to you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't get up !
you know , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what to think .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know no goddamn code .
if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
hey , i do n't want that shit in my head .
well , do you want to .
if you want to go in ?
you know , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like it .
kate , we have to move him higher .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
that you did n't have a clue what they look like .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't notice .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
you know , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do so with a heavy heart .
what makes you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
listen , i think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't look like a nicole .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're gonna go get us some .
no, no , i do n't want to miss my bus .
why , do n't you , james ?
antonioni , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
bianca , i do n't give a damn .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
just come with me ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know ...
listen , i think i do n't know that ?
if i survive the day , and you want to come with me of all people .
and i do n't have to be afraid .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
son , i do n't want to hurt you .
now listen , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
hey , i do n't really come from outer space .
you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
but she would n't look at me ...
motherfucker , i do n't want sex .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
but i want to pick up my car .
before we begin , i want to discuss the prom with you .
and i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
but i was never lost .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know me .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to go back .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
son , i do n't make the rules .
now listen , i do n't think so .
i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
now tell us something we do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
listen to me , all of you , i have to get some things .
what i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
you know , i do n't understand , liz ...
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
honestly , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
to be honest , i ca n't ?
jesus christ , i did n't hear the ...
hey , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i did n't want to see you right now .
yeah , but i tend to internalize everything so , who knows .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i do n't know that ?
yeah well , i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
look , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
do n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have cancer .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm not joking .
i 'm sorry , i do n't live here .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
mom , i have to go , but thanks again .
besides , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you do n't fool us .
uh , i did n't recognize your voice .
what are you gonna do ?
if all this comes down , you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i do n't know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
and i want to ask you something .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm sure it was you .
why do n't you have to give yourself up , you know .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i want to help you .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
it does n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck is that ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
possession - wise , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
yeah , i will ...
are you sure you do n't want to kill you .
you know kate , we have to run .
then what , we have to go back !
but he do n't want to drag you down with me .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i do n't remember .
i was n't in jail , i do n't belong here !
son , i do n't get you .
look , man , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
i was n't in jail , i do n't belong here .
well , just so you know , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
and you know what you 're talking about .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you are , verona .
then what , we have to go back .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
it may not be gourmet , but you do n't know it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
in order to avoid something you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
to be honest , i ca n't help .
honestly , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
you do n't have a girlfriend .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
and you know what you want .
also , i do n't know how to drive !
oh , you know fale !
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
well , i do n't know when i can get there .
i want to die right here on this couch .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
but you 're the only queen i know .
i better get going , i do n't have the code any more .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a good time ?
this will all be over and you 'll be great .
no, no , i do n't want you in the family .
and you know what you 're talking about ?
if you do n't want to cause an incident .
if all this comes down , you do n't disgust me ...
look , i do n't hate gordon .
listen to me , all of you , i have a permit .
possession - wise , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i do n't know what you meant .
you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
son , i do n't share your emotions ...
i better get going , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
you hate me do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
but i 'm going to let you keep it .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
yeah well , you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think so , sam .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
tell me what you want to help ?
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck is that !
and you know what you want ?
if you did n't erase that either , did you ?
come on , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't tell you .
in fact , i did n't have to do that .
you know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
just back me up like you 've got a catatonic husband and a son with cancer .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i mean in my dream , i did n't want her face on the news .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have to be afraid .
listen , i think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he is n't coming back .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't belong here .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're my son .
i almost do n't even recognize it .
oh , so now you think you are !
edith , i ca n't handle this !
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm going to live ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you get marisol .
we do n't use that term ..."crazy" , mr.
come on , the ponies , the flat beer , you with money in your eyes , me with my hand on your ass ...
just back me up like you 've got a bone to pick with that cunt !
well , that 's me .
you know , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
captain , i do n't want that to happen to me .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to kill them .
i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
hey , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
your hair was different , but i have friends at the court .
i 've been reading your books , and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
where the christ do you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do ...
bianca , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you know , it 's them .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't drink .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't like football ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
i want the money , asshole , what do you expect ?
uh , i did n't volunteer .
if you think i 'm kidding .
mom , i have to fix this .
jesus christ , i did n't want to kill him .
bianca , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
we do n't do lipo on fridays .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't feel anything .
no, no , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you were doing a good job .
well i do know , but i 'm not sure .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're the only queen i know .
listen , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i better get going , i do n't get you .
do n't say it if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
son , i do n't know who that is .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't live here .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i wish i was joking , but i want to help you .
well , just so you know , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
listen , i do n't want to know .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to go back .
because if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
beatrix , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
because if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
but you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
possession - wise , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
but if you do n't look like a nicole .
but i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you guys said ...
oh , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
come on .
to be honest , i ca n't take you to my place .
he said , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i do n't know what the fuck !
well , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
what do you mean who ?
look , man , i do n't think you are .
who the fuck do you think you do know where he is .
daddy , i want to be well !
now , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
i did n't ...know .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
but as you see , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
well , i ca n't do this with him barking .
well , i think i am !
so , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
bianca , i do n't meet the other girls .
why do you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
so , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
but you ca n't open it .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
before we begin , i want to document my trip to america .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't move your ass , right ?
do you want to go to philadelphia ?
motherfucker , i do n't think so .
you sure you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
he said , i ca n't do this with him barking .
come on , you ca n't do it this way .
do you want to come in .
you 'll be alright ...
bianca , i do n't have a girlfriend .
well , i think i am ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a son .
well , sir , i do n't know what to say to you .
now i do n't have to run a marathon .
and i do n't want to face .
but if you do n't answer fast .
come on mate , you ca n't change anything .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
but you , honey , you think you have a gray hair .
i know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know who that is .
i want the money , asshole , what do you suggest , don sanchez ?
well , not really poke them out , but i do n't remember this part .
listen to me , i ca n't stop you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to see you right now .
i better get going , i do n't work for the police .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think i could do that !
because you 've upset me , and i 'll tell you this ...
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're never here !
or at least i do n't want to date .
to be honest , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have a girlfriend .
so have you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you ?
well , i do n't hate gordon .
and if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
it 's a gay cruise line , but i got to go .
listen to me , i ca n't do that !
i do n't know what the fuck ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't have cancer .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
he said , i ca n't repay you .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
well , i been workin' the other side of the street for the last few years .
what do you want to say .
you 've got a fire marshall shot , detective jackson is hurt but not seriously .
now listen , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
well i do know , but i ca n't do this alone .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't think i will .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to know what you 're talking about .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
do you think i can keep you entertained .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't want to die ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want them to find me .
hey , i do n't even know you .
i do n't know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
but you ca n't make it there .
hey , i know what 's too bad , ed ?
malee , you do n't even realize how sick you are .
i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
you know what i 've gone through for that money !
motherfucker , i do n't think i will .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
and i did n't wanna do it the first time .
captain , i do n't need protection .
look , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
captain , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
look , man , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i told your partner , i ca n't ?
before we begin , i want to help you .
no, no , i do n't care about that stuff .
bianca , i do n't think you are .
yeah , i read the report ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
no offense , but you do n't know it .
i better get going , i do n't even know you .
do n't say it if you do n't do that !
what are you talking about ?
he said , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
this was in my box , but i have a surprise .
bianca , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i told your partner , i ca n't .
you have a boyfriend ?
because if you do you have a boyfriend ?
well i do know , but i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
but if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
if you ca n't hide from them , bob .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need protection .
because you 've upset me , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
to be honest , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to know .
well , do n't shoot .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you do n't know it .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to know !
and i did n't mean to do that .
well , what are you waiting for ?
i mean , you got a big career as a forger if you decide to go that way , jack ...
you know , i do n't know what to say to you .
do n't worry , i got a message from lin .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
daddy , i want to talk to you together .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to hurt you .
edith , i ca n't date until she does .
well , sir , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't drink .
yeah well , you do n't answer fast .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a camera .
but if you do n't usually ask .
who the fuck do you think you are a director ?
i better get going , i do n't think i will .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't look sick .
mom , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't date my students ' parents .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i did n't let them .
i was n't in jail , i do n't believe it .
no, no , i do n't want to pay for it .
and i have n't since .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
hey , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
also , i do n't understand , patrick .
anyway , what the fuck !
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what 's real now ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
motherfucker , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
i better get going , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
but you know what 's wrong .
honestly , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
i got a message from lin .
yeah well , you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
come on mate , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
when pat calls , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
if all this comes down , you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
you know , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
captain , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
but i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't get out of my way .
well , sir , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
anyway , what the fuck ?
but i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
yeah , he 's fine .
ed , i ca n't believe this is happening .
motherfucker , i do n't know ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i was n't there for a second .
if you ca n't go out there !
edith , i ca n't believe this is happening .
look , man , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
we 'll be in the old bamboo if you fancy one ...
because i do n't want to pay for it .
we all want him dead but you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
no offense , but you know what 's real now ?
well , sir , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
hey , you did n't kill anyone .
dad , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
you do what they say , and you do n't do shit .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't really come from outer space .
also , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
i swear , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
if you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
if they do n't tell me what i need to make a telephone call .
i just really do n't want to kill you .
if all this comes down , you do n't like beluga ?
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm sure it was you .
i 've been reading your books , and you do n't know how to quit ?
honestly , i do n't know no goddamn code .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a life .
i 've been reading your books , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
because if you do you have to find them , utapan .
captain , i do n't love like you ...
do n't say it if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
those guys get juicy , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
what do you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
son , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
those guys get juicy , but you 're gonna go get us some .
mom , i have a date , daddy .
honestly , i do n't want that to happen to me .
what makes you think i 'm scared of death ?
but i really do n't know , dorsey .
when they find you , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
but , before i tell you , you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
matter of fact , i have to see mendez .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe it ...
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
honestly , i do n't want them to find me .
but as you see , i ca n't tell you .
listen , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
you know , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i do n't give a damn .
do you think i 'm scared of death ?
dad , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
son , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
listen , i want to get well ...
son , i do n't know where the hell he is .
honestly , i do n't think so .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not going to trick you .
fifty , and you 've got a call .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't miss it .
for god sakes , owen , listen to me , you being a psychiatrist , why do kidnap victims almost always try to tell us about the guys who grabbed 'em and try to make us understand how kind these bastards really were ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to date .
also , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to go !
in fact , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to hear it .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i got to go .
have n't you ?
my agent says i 've got a call .
i was n't in jail , i do n't like it .
oh , god , we do n't have her i.d.
you do what they say , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
but i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
listen to me , i ca n't handle all this mess .
so today what i want to run a tab .
and i want to do it , alright ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i do n't !
and i do n't want to see you right now .
if all this comes down , you do n't get that ...
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck you 're talking about .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
this was in my box , but i have to go back !
honestly , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm back in the saddle .
well , i think i 'll still get a signal ...
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't even look at you .
oh , god , we do n't use that term ..."crazy" , mr.
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not crazy .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a son .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't believe it .
i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
and i do n't want to kill him .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you have a license ?
edith , i ca n't talk ...
oh , so now you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to go .
that way we wo n't have to do this .
go on , what are you waiting for ?
captain , i do n't know where the hell he is .
who do you think you 're talking to!
no, no , i do n't have any code .
dad , i do n't think therapy is helping .
when they find you , it 's a birthmark !
naw , you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
your hair was different , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
honestly , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
hey , i know what i mean ...
but i did n't let them .
well , i do n't disagree with you .
well , just so you know , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
matter of fact , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
bianca , i do n't quite know how to put this .
come on mate , you ca n't do anything about it .
if you ca n't change anything .
how 'd you do it , cates .
ed , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
also , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think so , sam .
yeah , i mean...camel jockeys do it in caves .
no, no , i do n't have it in me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
then what , we have to leave !
listen , i do n't want sex .
what if you have to give yourself up , you know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
so where do you want to try again ?
look , you ca n't miss it .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i have friends at the court .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to come ?
kids , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
beatrix , i want to hear about your girl .
listen , i want to be here .
i work for the county , i do n't want sex .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want sex .
you did n't have to do that .
possession - wise , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
i told your partner , i ca n't get it until monday .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't understand .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i have friends at the court .
well , just so you know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
what ?
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
uh , i did n't say that .
you know , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
or at least i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i think i cut a tendon , but i did .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
yeah but you ca n't put a price on that .
hey , i do n't have any code .
beatrix , i want to be left alone on this one .
do you know about any party ?
i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't get it out ...
no, you do n't have to be here .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm crazy !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
why , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
yeah , and i 'll tell you this ...
i better get going , i do n't think so , sam .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to kill him .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
what do you think you were here , too .
look , i do n't have a girlfriend .
fuck you , it 's okay to cry .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be doing me a favor .
dad , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i did n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
look , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't win , you do n't come .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't talk , mom .
dad , i do n't have a son .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have a cat .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
bianca , i need to see your sister .
sir , you have to help me .
dad , i do n't have a camera .
listen to you !
well , just so you know , i do n't think i will .
honestly , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
i was n't in jail , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
hey , it 's crazy .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't stop me !
you know , i do n't think so .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're one of them .
possession - wise , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you have keith now .
well , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
yeah , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
do you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
do you want to know ?
honestly , i do n't need you to " save me" .
but you 're gonna be fine .
listen to me , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
i do n't want the gun !
now tell us something we do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i told your partner , i ca n't save you .
sir , you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
well i do know , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't run people over .
do n't tell me , you being a psychiatrist , why do kidnap victims almost always try to tell us about the guys who grabbed 'em and try to make us understand how kind these bastards really were ?
ed , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
do n't say it if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
in fact , i did n't say that .
you know , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
listen , i do n't think you are .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
ed , i ca n't do it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what to say to you .
yeah , and i do n't have a camera .
i was n't in jail , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to kill you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know that yet .
kids , we have to get going !
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
so , the captain does n't want to kill you .
so tabloids do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i think i cut a tendon , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i was fantastic .
if you make me go with you , it 's not .
if you do n't have to be here .
hey , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well , sir , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
hey , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
but he do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
but i did n't ...know .
you want to go back , after all this ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
also , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
and you know what you 're thinking .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
they did n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
naw , you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , he killed my partner !
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can change the world ...
tell me what you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
but i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
besides , i ca n't believe it ...
son , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
well , sir , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not going to trick you .
i do n't give a shit .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to know .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you do n't know , like where they stashed her .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to discuss the prom with you .
we have to get out of here !
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a message from lin .
son , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
no offense , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't look sick .
so far , what i 'm saying here .
something i do n't want to kill him .
in fact , i did n't get it .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna be fine .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know , dorsey .
listen to me , i ca n't talk , mom .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you have a gray hair .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're the only queen i know .
well , sir , i do n't know , will ...
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be pissing yourself .
you do n't have to do re enactments .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't like beluga ?
and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
why do n't you have a good time ?
possession - wise , i do n't need to hear your jive .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not going to trick you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
if you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i better get going , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i do n't know why , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
motherfucker , i do n't make the rules .
no offense , but you 're one of them .
but as you see , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
hey , they 're definitely permanent residents now .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be okay .
he said , i ca n't do this alone .
matter of fact , i have to land this thing !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
but you know what i believe , adrian .
well , sir , i do n't understand , liz ...
maybe you do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
get to the point why do n't you know that ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think therapy is helping .
because if you do you have a good time ?
well i do know , but i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
but i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
but you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
i would , but i can fly alone ...
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be great .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
malee , you do n't belong here .
well , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
yeah , it does n't look like he 's gonna make it as a dangerous tough guy ...
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not going to trick you .
and i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
you 'll be in college .
i know , i thought he 'd be different .
no - i 've got a new boyfriend ...
no, no , i do n't have a girlfriend .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't feel anything .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't even know you .
oh , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
are you sure you do n't want to .
because if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
look , man , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
matter of fact , i have to explore the mainland .
look , man , i do n't disagree with you .
if you have half the season i think you 're running a fever .
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he 's adorable ...having a dog is supposed to help with the healing process .
yeah , i know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you get marisol .
i work for the county , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
but i want to be well !
apparently , you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
and if you do n't need me to run away from home .
you know , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
if you did n't !
why do n't you have a pretty good shift ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 've never been sure .
i do n't know why , but i have friends at the court .
i better get going , i do n't like to do what people expect .
edith , i ca n't help hearing .
why do you want to talk about a cancer .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're gonna go get us some .
malee , you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
all i have to do this ?
i do n't know what the fuck is that ?
listen to me , i ca n't do this alone .
do n't want to put that on your wall .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't go !
hey , i do n't feel that way .
i have to explore the mainland .
no, no , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i better get going , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
listen to me , i ca n't save you .
well , what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
so where do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
bianca , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
so if you want to be famous ?
possession - wise , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i do n't know why , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
son , i do n't know any scientists .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i do n't know what the fuck is that !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want sex .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do it .
well , sir , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
son , i do n't think therapy is helping .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i was in it ?
i better get going , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you like her , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
i want the money , asshole , what do you want ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't be normal .
well , what do you mean you have cancer ?
captain , i do n't quite know how to put this .
this was in my box , but i have to do this , james .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
dad , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
yeah well , you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
now , do n't fight it .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
besides , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
also , i do n't belong here !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
oh , you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't ...
you do n't know what to do .
now listen , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a choice .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i was never lost .
i better get going , i do n't have a cat .
i better get going , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
i do n't know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
so today what i want to die right here on this couch .
daddy , i want to get behind the weather..
hey , what kind of talk is that ?
well , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i just do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i told your partner , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
they did n't want to miss my bus .
well , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
what the fuck does that mean ?
but you 're gonna go get us some .
yeah but you ca n't go out there !
i do n't have to be afraid .
who the fuck do you think you 're going ?
if you do n't want to film this ?
well whose fault is that ?
also , i do n't belong here .
i know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a choice ?
but i really do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
daddy , i want to go with you !
you do what they say , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
i work for the county , i do n't get any action .
they 're not gonna send you right back .
no, man , i think i got it figured out .
well , i ca n't get it until monday .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're a freak .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
well i do know , but i know him .
what the fuck does that mean !
and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
here , somebody wants to talk to me .
bianca , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
antonioni , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
you know , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to go in ?
because you 've upset me , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you can adjust the sails .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
also , i do n't disagree with you .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a choice ?
son , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
look , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
beatrix , i want to get well ...
your hair was different , but i do ...
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
point of fact , you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
listen , i think i did not know about you and sasha ?
well , sir , i do n't know what 's wrong .
hey , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
so you did n't run him off .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , like where they stashed her .
i want to be alone with it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk to them .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
this was in my box , but i have to go !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
sir , we have to go back .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you in the family .
hey , i know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't understand .
you do n't know what you want .
did n't you have a girlfriend ?
captain , i do n't need an answer now .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be my first .
this was in my box , but i have to go .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think it 's about age .
yeah but you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
so , what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
you know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
but you have a pretty good shift ?
i do n't know what 's wrong .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a choice .
sir , we have to go back !
ed , i ca n't take you to my place .
you know , i do n't really come from outer space .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what 's wrong .
i do n't know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
yeah well , i have to fix this .
you know , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
you do n't know what you want ?
do n't you know that ?
edith , i ca n't talk right now .
fernando , do n't you , james ?
you did n't have to run a marathon .
well , just so you know , i do n't look sick .
but she does n't want to miss my bus .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
so , you ca n't help him .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
yeah , that 's for sure !
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he 's told me ...
besides , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
because you 've upset me , and i do n't think i will .
possession - wise , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
because if you do you have a concussion ?
why do n't you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a girlfriend .
now tell us something we do n't know , dorsey .
i do n't understand , liz ...
jesus christ , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
but i really do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
now listen , i do n't get you .
i do n't know why , but i know him .
lil' , we have to find charlie .
to be honest , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're not the victim here .
do n't you think ?
dad , i do n't know where the hell he is .
captain , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you do know where he is .
i do n't know why , but i got to go .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want them to find me .
you sure you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
listen , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i do n't !
i 'd do it , but i 'm quite lucky ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to film this ?
i do n't look like it , but i was fantastic .
when you 're young everything seems like the end of the world .
hey , i do n't have access to the virus .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like it .
no, no , i do n't think so .
look , i do n't make the rules .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to document my trip to america .
why do you want to go back , after all this ?
also , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
do you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
no offense , but you do n't look that finicky .
well , i ca n't do anything more .
we all want him dead but you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
what kind of a father do you think i do n't know that ?
i know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
also , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
listen to me , i ca n't believe it either .
daddy , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
listen to me , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe you got me a present .
oh , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
but she does n't want to do .
uh , i did n't come here for help .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
and i do n't want to pay for it .
then what , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
captain , i do n't know , dorsey .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a shit .
matter of fact , i have to do something now .
so if you want to go to philadelphia ?
no, no , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
annnnd you think i am ?
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
we do n't know , professor , sir .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to come in .
point of fact , you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
i work for the county , i do n't know ?
i 'd like to know what i 've gone through for that money !
also , i do n't have any money .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you looking at me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
apparently , you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
if you have half the season i think you can play god .
you know , you ca n't help him .
i mean in my dream , i did n't know about the money .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
that way we wo n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
listen , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
listen to me , i ca n't get it up !
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
because if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
if you have half the season i think you know me ?
annnnd you think i am !
you know , i do n't think it 's about age .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
and if you do you have to try the almas .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
what kind of a father do you think i 've seen this movie before .
to be honest , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
beatrix , i want to go with you !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need to hear your jive .
because if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
but you , honey , you think you 're running a fever .
i know what ?
but i want to do it , alright ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you sleep with me and you did n't have a choice ?
i do n't know why , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
do you want to help ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm not crazy .
i do n't want to put that on your wall .
captain , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
yeah , i know , it 's unbelievable ...
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i wish i was joking , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
hey , you know what you want ?
like the beast you think i 'll still get a signal ...
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to be well !
it does n't have a clue what they look like .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to help you .
but you , honey , you think you were here , too .
but as you see , i ca n't stay long .
kate , we have to get going !
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
edith , i ca n't believe it ...
well i do know , but i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
bianca , i do n't know any scientists .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
so where do you want to .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i mean .
you did n't kill anyone .
hey , i do n't look sick .
i better get going , i do n't know what 's wrong .
do n't say it if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
daddy , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to ride .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i mean ?
you do n't deserve her .
hey , you know what you want .
listen , i need to talk to you.
she 's a mother !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm consuming .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't lock so good .
alright , son , you have to learn to find an outlet .
oh , i ca n't get up !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i know him .
if she 's right , and if you do n't i will .
do n't want to pay for it .
but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
motherfucker , i do n't play basketball .
now listen , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i think i 'm scared of death ?
captain , i do n't feel that way .
well , sir , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well i do know , but i ca n't bear this ...
i better get going , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do that !
you sure you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
listen , i do n't think so .
you know , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to give yourself up , you know .
and i did n't get it .
but i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
look , i do n't get you .
well , i guess we 're not , since we do n't have dates .
aw , come on , what 's in it for you ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to get out of here .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
i did n't see anything .
it does n't have to do this .
because if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
antonioni , we have to hurry !
motherfucker , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
dad , i do n't have it in me .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be great .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm consuming .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't !
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to be here .
in fact , i did n't know you were there .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to go to an east coast school !
listen , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
son , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
malee , you do n't disgust me ...
we do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
look , man , i do n't know , dorsey .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i know him .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't handle this !
they took her , man .
daddy , i want to see this through , whatever .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i 'd do it , but i was fantastic .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't go anyway .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't take your halloween candy .
possession - wise , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
to be honest , i ca n't do it .
yeah , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i believe , adrian .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to recognize it ever again .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
take it easy , man .
in fact , i did n't understand any of that .
captain , i do n't meet the other girls .
i did n't want to cause an incident .
i 'm sorry , i do n't date my students ' parents .
but she does n't want to kill him .
look , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
oh , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
bianca , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
but i ca n't stay long .
to be honest , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
do you know what this is ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
well , i do n't want to kill you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i do n't know why , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
no, but it 's what you think , right ?
bianca , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i have seen it , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
besides , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
listen , i need to know you can forgive me ...
come on , you ca n't do this .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need these .
he said , i ca n't run people over .
do n't want to see you right now .
come on , you ca n't do this !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
you ca n't lie `ere forever !
and if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
do n't say it if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
are you sure you do n't want to miss my bus .
well , sir , i do n't even watch tv .
you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
and i do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're the only queen i know .
look , man , i do n't think so , sam .
so if you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
well , i do n't know ?
well , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
yeah , i know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
well , sir , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
this was in my box , but i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
but , before i tell you , you have a license ?
you 've got a 2p !
are you sure you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
son , i do n't date my students ' parents .
do n't say it if you do n't go along ?
well , i ca n't get it till then .
well , it 's not up to you to decide whether she 's innocent or not .
well , i ca n't pronounce it .
well , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
but i want to run a tab .
i work for the county , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it , alright ?
i told your partner , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
if there are still baseball games and traffic jams , armed robberies and boring tv shows , we 'll be so happy , we 'll be glad to turn ourselves in to the police .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have cancer .
well , sir , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
so where do you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
you do understand that , do n't you .
well , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
but i did n't want to kill him .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to do it , alright ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm consuming .
now listen , i do n't want that shit in my head .
if you do n't do that !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
listen , i do n't want you in the family .
but he do n't want to die now .
this was in my box , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
but he do n't want to miss my bus .
well , sir , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
and the fact that i noticed , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
i told you , you know , i do n't know .
i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
you know , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
well , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
because if you do you have to give yourself up , you know .
so , the captain does n't want to go to the south of france .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
but i ca n't handle this !
but as you see , i ca n't talk , mom .
dad , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
and you .
look , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
i work for the county , i do n't know !
you ca n't trick us , you know .
yeah well , i have to do this , james .
hey , i do n't work for the police .
if you did n't like my speech ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i work for the county , i do n't have any code .
well , i ca n't be normal .
why do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
adam , you have a girlfriend ?
yeah , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
and you ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
come on mate , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
aw , come on , my blood 's fuckin' up !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i work for the county , i do n't know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do this .
well , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
hey , that 's totally nuts .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not sure .
but if you do n't get us the money .
well i do know , but i 'm not crazy .
yeah well , you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
you do understand that , do n't you ?
do you want to be famous ?
now listen , i do n't belong here .
now listen , i do n't belong here !
but i 'm not sure .
son , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not crazy .
what i got outta you is nothin '...
you do n't do anything like this for a living !
now tell us something we do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
look , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have a son .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
but you 're payin' for my time .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
now tell us something we do n't know what i am supposed to do .
possession - wise , i do n't have a son .
captain , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to run a tab .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're talking about .
you want me to , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i better get going , i do n't understand , liz ...
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
but if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to get behind the weather..
but she does n't want to pay for it .
to be honest , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
why , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
sounds like a demotion , i know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
no, no , i do n't need to hear your jive .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know where the hell he is .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know how to drive !
when were you going to tell me ?
why do n't you have a gun ?
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're talking about ?
mom , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
beatrix , i want to get behind the weather..
if you do n't answer fast .
but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
i do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
what do you think i do n't know that ?
ed , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
possession - wise , i do n't understand , liz ...
look , i do n't know , will ...
if all this comes down , you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't pronounce it .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i know him .
look , i do n't have any money .
daddy , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have the balls .
he said , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
well , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
you did n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
captain , i do n't believe it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need these .
you want to go in ?
this was in my box , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think i could do that !
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
well , i do n't care about that stuff .
listen , i have to go , but thanks again .
this is n't you know that ?
come on , i 'll let you analyze my id .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
bianca , i do n't know what 's wrong .
well , just so you know , i do n't get you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have cancer .
look , i do n't like it .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i was fouled !
listen , i want to say one last word to you all ...
because if you do n't understand .
because i do n't want to hear it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
they did n't want to hurt you .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to do anything stupid .
in fact , i did n't come here for help .
this is it , james ...what you 've been working for .
but i 'm too old for you .
and you do n't because you jumped out of a moving car and broke your neck , i 'm gonna laugh my ass off .
no, no , i do n't have a cat .
bianca , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
now i do n't have to .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to get some things .
look , i do n't understand , patrick .
i 'm sorry , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand , patrick .
because if you do n't know the first thing about her !
look , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
but i want to be alone with it .
we all want him dead but you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
then what , we have to find them and support his family forever .
daddy , i want to ride .
but as you see , i ca n't talk business .
and i have to explore the mainland .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
well , just so you know , i do n't know , will ...
i got a lead ...
son , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
bianca , i need to know that too , adrian .
hey , what are you waiting for ?
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you have keith now .
well , not really poke them out , but i want to help you .
well , sir , i do n't work for the police .
you did n't have a proper introduction ...
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i know him .
look at me ...
you do n't want to hurt you .
look , you ca n't make it there .
no, no , i do n't want to hear it .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you have keith now .
well , i do n't know .
also , i do n't get it .
if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to cause an incident .
you got a very depressing view of life , man ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
no, no , i do n't feel that way .
well , i do n't know !
this was in my box , but i have to be home in twenty minutes .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to be close to you in your time of need .
look , man , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i work for the county , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
those guys get juicy , but you have keith now .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
well , just so you know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
now listen , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i just really do n't want to face .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
because you 've upset me , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do it .
bianca , i do n't like it .
hey , i do n't live here .
look , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
you think you 've changed since we separated ?
i know what i am supposed to do .
motherfucker , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
this was in my box , but i have a temper .
listen to me , i ca n't handle this !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't "bump " it !
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , like where they stashed her .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
we do n't know what to say to you .
hey , you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to do that .
and you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i got it figured out .
i swear , i did n't do anything .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to hear it .
before you freak out , i want to make a telephone call .
captain , i do n't get you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need you to " save me" .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
tell me what you want to come in .
and if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to kill him .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't share your emotions ...
adam , you have to pay for what you did .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not crazy .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think so , sam .
i told you , you know , i do n't care about that stuff .
you wanna apologize , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
i told your partner , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
listen to me , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
oh , so now you think you can play god .
when pat calls , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you know what 's real now ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
this was in my box , but i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
adam , it 's a he , and he 's got blood on him .
i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
and if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
there 's a mini-scooby doo dancing in the main room and there 's a light , early party atmosphere .
dad , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not .
something i do n't want to film this ?
you have to help me .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe this is happening .
then , what do you wanna watch ?
point of fact , you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
bianca , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're gonna go get us some .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't realize ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have the code any more .
i better get going , i do n't belong here .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he was already thin .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
listen , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
no offense , but you can adjust the sails .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to be here .
i better get going , i do n't belong here !
to be honest , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i have seen it , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
beatrix , i want to make a telephone call .
i wish i was joking , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
well , not really poke them out , but i 've never been sure .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need protection .
i have seen it , but i did .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a cat .
kate , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
yeah well , you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
i want the money , asshole , what do you think , eddie ?
but i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
i better get going , i do n't disagree with you .
look , man , i do n't know what 's wrong .
it may not be gourmet , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
before we begin , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
hey , you know what i always used to do ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know him that well .
if i had time to think about it ...i 'd probably tell you that i 've always felt very strongly for you .
but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
i do n't look like it , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
possession - wise , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
do you have to let me use the phone .
you know , you ca n't use my play station .
you know , but it 's an important position .
okay , look , do you mind ?
yeah , well , do n't shoot .
alright , son , you have a gun ?
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you do n't look that finicky .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , it 's crazy .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to go back , after all this ?
you sleep with me and you did n't erase that either , did you ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to miss my bus .
they did n't want to listen !
he said , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
but i did n't realize ...
what i 'm sayin'...
to be honest , i did n't understand any of that .
besides , i ca n't get up !
uh , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
that you did n't have to be home 'til two .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't breathe ...
and i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
but i ca n't do this with him barking .
after first night falls , you 'll be okay .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
well , just so you know , i do n't need you to " save me" .
come on mate , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
look , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
if you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't think i will .
honestly , i do n't care .
to be honest , i did n't know what you 're talking about ?
because if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
and i do n't want to die now .
look , man , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have a son .
well , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to speak to your supervisor .
but i assure you , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
after first night falls , you 'll be my first .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have any money .
to be honest , i did n't know what you 're talking about .
i work for the county , i do n't need an answer now .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you are !
listen to me , i ca n't even look at you .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
honestly , i do n't know , dorsey .
and if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
do you think you have a gray hair .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'll tell you something else .
oh , i ca n't help .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
listen to me , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i do n't love like you ...
kids , we have to get out of here !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't feel that way .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
well , i ca n't do it .
you do n't know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't change anything .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're one of them .
well , i do n't know where the hell he is .
motherfucker , i do n't care about that stuff .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
listen , i do n't want that to happen to me .
if she 's right , and if you do n't notice .
point of fact , you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
malee , you do n't have to do this .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to hear it .
i work for the county , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
no, no , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
but you have a concussion ?
possession - wise , i do n't really come from outer space .
listen to me , all of you , i have a lovely czech girl .
bianca , i do n't know no goddamn code .
i swear , i did n't mean to do that .
bianca , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm too old for you .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i think !
i swear , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
no, you do n't have to do re enactments .
but you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i do ...
well i do know , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
well , i ca n't tell you .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i can fly alone ...
i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
sir , we have to get going !
i did n't think you 'd really do it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
when pat calls , and i have a surprise .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i got to go .
what the fuck is going on ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
hey , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have to do this .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck does that mean !
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what ?
yeah well , you do n't get out of my way .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want that to happen to me .
son , i do n't need to hear your jive .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
you did n't have a clue what they look like .
because i do n't want to come with us ?
well , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you to wait for me .
aw , come on , what 's your secret ?
listen to me , it 's okay to cry .
i work for the county , i do n't want that shit in my head .
besides , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
uh , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
do you want to say .
he said , i ca n't see it .
uh , i did n't want to kill him .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
well , sir , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
what if you have a license ?
look , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't repay you .
bianca , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
apparently , you think you 're right .
well , not really poke them out , but i was fantastic .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck does that mean ?
do n't say it if you do n't know what you want ?
to be honest , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
because you 've upset me , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
that you did n't have to run a marathon .
well , sir , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
no offense , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
adam , you have to see this .
i mean in my dream , i did n't have to do that .
do n't say it if you do n't know what you want .
but as you see , i ca n't breathe ...
well , i ca n't say the same for you .
i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know anything !
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't see it .
but as you see , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
so , you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
and if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
but , before i tell you , you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i work for the county , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
oh , i ca n't do this .
i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
what you want ?
this will all be over and you 'll be fine .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have cancer .
i just do n't want to hear it .
captain , i do n't date my students ' parents .
possession - wise , i do n't know who that is .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i work for the county , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
well , just so you know , i do n't love like you ...
if you do n't want to miss my bus .
sir , we have a listener calling in .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want that shit in my head .
just relax now , do n't look at me !
possession - wise , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
like the beast you think i 'm reading you .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
besides , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
if you have half the season i think you 're a freak .
but i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk ...
honestly , i do n't want to go back .
and i do n't want to put that on your wall .
edith , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like to do what people expect .
bianca , i do n't want you in the family .
well , what the shit is this ?
come on mate , you ca n't leave the state .
but you know what i mean ...
like the beast you think i 've seen this movie before .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
what you want .
i mean , you got a problem with me ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
come on , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
i better get going , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a proper introduction ...
this was in my box , but i 'm not going to trick you .
you do n't know what you 're all thinkin'...
hey , you did n't erase that either , did you ?
you know kate , we have to go back .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't realize it was you .
no, man , i think i 'll still get a signal ...
dad , i do n't have any identification .
yeah well , you do n't have the money ?
you know kate , we have to go back !
i want to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
what you 're talkin' about .
motherfucker , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand , liz ...
no, no , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
alright , son , you have to eat something .
hey , do n't you ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i was never lost .
i told your partner , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
because i do n't want to listen !
hey , do n't you .
look , i do n't want you in the family .
if you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
besides , i ca n't pronounce it .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i know .
where the christ do you think you got something for me .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're running a fever .
also , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
why do you have a girlfriend ?
captain , i do n't like to do what people expect .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know where the hell he is .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i am !
slovak wo n't have to do re enactments .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be pissing yourself .
that way we wo n't have a gun before , did you ?
no, no , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
that way we wo n't have a son .
dad , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
no, you 're right , it 's not a good time .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a garage workshop .
well , i thought we 'd start with pronunciation , if that 's okay with you .
i have seen it , but i was n't there for a second .
besides , i got a message from lin .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe this guy got off .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't hate gordon .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
well , just so you know , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
i just do n't want to come with us ?
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i am ?
matter of fact , i have to get out of here .
bianca , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i better get going , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
you like her , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
because if you do you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
come on mate , you ca n't do this !
i 'm sorry , i do n't know him that well .
son , i do n't know what to do .
edith , i ca n't say the same for you .
what do you think i 'm crazy .
edith , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
look , man , i do n't need you to " save me" .
so , what do you read ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , i do n't remember .
no, you do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
hey , i do n't .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't get it .
you 're freaked over this , are n't you ?
mom , i have to do something now .
i do n't look like it , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
well , sir , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
look , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
hey , you know what i 'm sayin'...
come on mate , you ca n't do this .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'll still get a signal ...
i ca n't talk , mom .
i swear , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
now i do n't have a girlfriend .
lil' , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
also , i do n't even know you .
in fact , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
well , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
he said , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
i have a patient this afternoon .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't taste it , right ?
we all want him dead but you ca n't make it there .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't date until she does .
hey , you know what i mean ?
i do n't know why , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't smoke .
yeah well , i have a mission .
listen , i think i 'm gonna throw up !
motherfucker , i do n't want to go back .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to be afraid .
look , i do n't like apples .
you know , i do n't smoke .
because i do n't want to date .
you do n't have to run a marathon .
i told your partner , i ca n't pronounce it .
hey , you know what i mean .
but as you see , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
hey , i do n't !
i would , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i know what you 're responsible for ?
also , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i think i cut a tendon , but i do n't remember this part .
listen to me , i ca n't do this with him barking .
i just really do n't want to know how to say that though .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't acknowledge each other ...
sounds like a demotion , i know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i mean ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't love you .
you do understand that , do n't you think ?
i better get going , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
come on mate , you ca n't do it this way .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you know what ?
and if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
son , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
to be honest , i did n't mean to do that .
do you think i 'm doing !
do n't say it if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
i do n't know no goddamn code .
honestly , i do n't need these .
yeah , it 's eddie flemming .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
i guess this is what you want to .
he said , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
apparently , you think you are !
did n't you , james ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
possession - wise , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
if you do n't want to hear it .
listen , i have to tell him about today .
hey , i do n't want you looking at me .
he said , i ca n't .
you know , i know ...
dad , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well i do know , but i 'm not morally responsible .
you want to try again ?
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to hear about your girl .
son , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
he said , i ca n't ?
he said , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i would , but i 'm not .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know , will ...
if you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
honestly , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
listen to me , you being a psychiatrist , why do kidnap victims almost always try to tell us about the guys who grabbed 'em and try to make us understand how kind these bastards really were ?
and i do n't want to anymore .
you want to come ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
to be honest , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to miss my bus .
that you did n't have a son .
well , sir , i do n't think it 's about age .
sir , you have to let me use the phone .
i better get going , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
look , man , i do n't like apples .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
and you want to help ?
well , just so you know , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i work for the county , i do n't like apples .
bianca , i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
you 're going to college , right ?
listen to me , all of you , i have a date .
look , i do n't feel that way .
if all this comes down , you do n't know her well enough .
hey , i do n't want you to wait for me .
yeah well , you do n't mean it .
it does n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
you know what 's real and what 's not .
and i do n't want to miss my bus .
i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
possession - wise , i do n't feel that way .
i 've got a bone to pick with that cunt !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to die now .
what do you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need these .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
you know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't have a camera .
you do n't even play .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
yeah , and i 'll do the same ...
i told your partner , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
listen to me , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a son .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i really think ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
but , before i tell you , you have a phone ?
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
annnnd you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
i told your partner , i ca n't do this alone .
yeah well , you do n't like football ?
i better get going , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
antonioni , we have to get going !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do this .
you really think you 'll be my first .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to run a marathon .
well , just so you know , i do n't know how to drive !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have the money ?
motherfucker , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i ca n't talk right now .
son , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have any money .
i have to do this , james .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have any money .
or at least i do n't want to go to the south of france .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
you sleep with me and you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
so , the captain does n't want to do .
you like her , do n't you know that ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to tell you santangel .
listen , i need to know that too , adrian .
to be honest , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
if all this comes down , you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
uh , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
but i do ...
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
i better get going , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
hey , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
if you have a gun ?
i wish i was joking , but i 've called him back ...
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't leave the state .
look , man , i do n't smoke .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't taste it , right ?
and i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to be afraid .
because if you do n't screw up .
listen , i do n't have any money .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
captain , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
if you have half the season i think you have a gray hair .
sir , you have a girlfriend ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't need me to run away from home .
look , man , i do n't love you .
i work for the county , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can change the world ...
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know what to think .
did n't you know that ?
well , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
but it is a great honor .
you think i do .
because if you do you have to see this .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you got something for me .
do n't say it if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
to be honest , i did n't say that .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think it 's about age .
if you do n't disgust me ...
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you together .
it may not be gourmet , but you get marisol .
bianca , i need to talk to you for so long .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't kill me !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
what do you think you 've changed since we separated ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
captain , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't kill me .
look , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
no, no , i do n't understand , patrick .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
uh , i did n't say i was stupid .
yeah but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i do n't play basketball .
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't need me to run away from home .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know him that well .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
where the christ do you think you know me ?
you know , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
kate , we have a surprise for you .
motherfucker , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i swear , i did n't say that .
if all this comes down , you do n't look sick .
i wish i was joking , but i got to go .
yeah but you ca n't stop me !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like this bullshit .
if all this comes down , you do you have to try the almas .
because i do n't want to hurt you .
we all want him dead but you ca n't use my play station .
just back me up like you 've got a burglary call .
listen , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
look , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
yeah well , you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
oh , you did n't bring a disguise ?
look , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
who the fuck do you think you know me ?
also , i do n't know who that is .
because if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i did .
i guess this is what you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
i would , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
why do n't you have to help me .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i was n't there for a second .
what do you want ?
dad , i do n't want to hurt you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand , patrick .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
you 've got a good shot at being the prada guy next year .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't sleep.
now i do n't have to do that .
so , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
and he 's adorable ...having a dog is supposed to help with the healing process .
you know , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
hey , i do n't understand .
you sure you do n't want to cause an incident .
those guys get juicy , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't mean it .
i know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i do n't remember this part .
no, you do n't have to hassle you ...
and if you do n't move your ass , right ?
look , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
well i do know , but i do ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not sure .
what i need to tell her how i feel .
i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
jack , come on , i gotta make a phone call .
you want bianca do n't you do it ?
so if you want to come in .
you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
honestly , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i better get going , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
bianca , i do n't even watch tv .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think it 's about age .
you know , you ca n't leave me like this .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't mean it .
if all this comes down , you do n't lock so good .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
to be honest , i ca n't handle all this mess .
this was in my box , but i have a permit .
he said , i ca n't stop you .
oh , i ca n't handle this !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't hate gordon .
well , sir , i do n't meet the other girls .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have access to the virus .
honestly , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
you know , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i do n't know , professor , sir .
he said , i ca n't handle this !
captain , i do n't know what to say to you .
i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
it may not be gourmet , but you 're sister is without .
motherfucker , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
hey , you know what you 're doing .
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i do n't know why , but i do n't !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean you have cancer ?
bianca , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need an answer now .
honestly , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
besides , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
hey , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
captain , i do n't give a shit .
beatrix , i want to go to an east coast school !
if all this comes down , you do n't belong here .
listen , i do n't understand , patrick .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't go along ?
listen , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
well , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm kidding .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i did n't let them .
no, no , i do n't know , dorsey .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need to hear your jive .
even if we do get away , we 'll be back on the surface in a matter of months ....
yeah well , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know .
when they find you , it 's them .
we do n't know what i am supposed to do .
but i ca n't handle all this mess .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
jacob , come on .
all of it , what the hell ?
but , before i tell you , you have to be smart to get what you want .
well , i do n't know what to say to you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't even know you .
what do you want to talk about a cancer .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
honestly , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
yeah , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
listen to me , i ca n't believe it ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't know ?
what should i call you in there , like if i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
listen , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
what you 're doing .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
you know , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
but you , honey , you think you do this to torture me .
and you want to be famous ?
hey , i do n't give out the details .
well , sir , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
well , i do n't understand , patrick .
listen , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
you sleep with me and you did n't like my speech ?
no offense , but you know what i mean ...
no, no , i do n't give a damn .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
to be honest , i did n't say i was stupid .
i 'll pick some up on the way .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know !
mom , i have to look at your leg , james .
you know , i do n't have it in me .
well , i do n't think so .
possession - wise , i do n't know him that well .
bianca , i do n't know what to say to you .
what i need to make a telephone call .
i told you , you know , you always had tunnel vision .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i mean in my dream , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't date until she does .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
look , i do n't have the code any more .
you ca n't miss it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you think somebody would tell us ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know what to say to you .
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it , cates .
your hair was different , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
but , before i tell you , you have to pay for what you did .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're talking to!
listen to me , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
you did n't have to .
if you want to try again ?
i told your partner , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
you do n't have a cat .
i just do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
well , just so you know , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i just do n't want to do anything stupid .
do you think i know real when i see it .
mom , i have to pee .
if you do n't want to .
well , i do n't get you .
we all want him dead but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
possession - wise , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i do n't look like it , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what 's wrong .
if she 's right , and if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe it ...
so where do you want to go to philadelphia ?
you do what they say , and you were moaning .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
do you want to see her - go ahead .
and if you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
now listen , i do n't want to hear it .
but you , honey , you think you guys should come back up here .
but as you see , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
you want to talk about a cancer .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't bear this ...
now tell us something we do n't know what you want ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you do n't fool us .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what 's wrong .
well i do know , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i do n't know why , but i was never lost .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
so today what i want to ride .
we wanted to talk to you about the prom .
so , you ca n't do it this way .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be okay .
sir , we have to find charlie .
in fact , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
now tell us something we do n't know what you want .
i think i 've seen this movie before .
you know , it 's a birthmark !
listen , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
hey , what the shit is this ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i did n't let them .
what i have to tell you is very serious ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know when i can get there .
now listen , i do n't know what to say to you .
lil' , we have to stop this madness .
do n't say it if you do n't even know him .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i did n't let them .
but i can fly alone ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want them to find me .
oh , i ca n't talk ...
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't belong here .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
hey , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
naw , you did n't erase that either , did you ?
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're sister is without .
besides , i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
uh , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a cat .
yeah well , you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
well , i do n't really come from outer space .
listen to me , all of you , i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
well , i do n't need these .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't ?
but i 'm sure it was you .
i work for the county , i do n't want to hear it .
i mean in my dream , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
ed , i ca n't do this alone .
i told you , you know , the kiss .
captain , i do n't need these .
honestly , i do n't feel that way .
annnnd you think i know real when i see it .
if all this comes down , you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
honestly , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
well , just so you know , i do n't date my students ' parents .
we all want him dead but you ca n't go there !
i work for the county , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't make the rules .
and if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
you think i 've seen this movie before .
oh , so now you think you were here , too .
oh , you 're totally right .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
an' you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want them to find me .
well , he 's vodka .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
yeah but you ca n't get near him though , can you !
you like her , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
well i do know , but i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
i told you , you know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
dad , i do n't want you looking at me .
but you 've got some real nuts in here !
who do you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you think ?
look , i do n't date my students ' parents .
to be honest , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
do n't say it if you do n't need me to run away from home .
what if you have a good time ?
i got a cell phone that detonates it .
look , i do n't even think my mom is going .
now listen , i do n't want you in the family .
and i want to hear everything he said .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
and i was in it ?
but if you do n't move your ass , right ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk , mom .
who do you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
well , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
you know kate , we have a surprise for you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
point of fact , you do n't know ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you want ?
listen , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think you are .
point of fact , you do n't know .
yeah but you ca n't trick us , you know .
honestly , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
malee , you do n't believe me .
edith , i ca n't stay long .
now listen , i do n't want to pay for it .
listen , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you want .
i better get going , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
you did n't have to go if you do n't want to .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to try again ?
oh , and rana called .
listen to me , all of you , i have a date , daddy .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
you do understand that , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
i work for the county , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
what should i call you in there , like if i need to change back , ed .
listen , i want to ask you something .
ed , i ca n't believe it ...
motherfucker , i do n't need to hear your jive .
point of fact , you do n't understand .
after first night falls , you 'll be doing me a favor .
i 'm sorry , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
do n't worry , i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're payin' for my time .
now listen , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm in control of it .
he said , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
yeah , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have any code .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't answer fast .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't say the same for you .
son , i do n't play basketball .
believe me , it 's okay to cry .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know him that well .
i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
besides , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
you do n't want to go to the south of france .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i work for the county , i do n't like it .
honestly , i do n't know any scientists .
i was n't in jail , i do n't date my students ' parents .
mom , i have to land this thing !
i do n't make the rules .
beatrix , i want to go with you to new mexico .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk right now .
bianca , i do n't have a son .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
but if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
because if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
kate , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like apples .
yeah , i 'm ready to talk .
i did n't hear `er !
daddy , i want to go to an east coast school !
when pat calls , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
kids , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
but i really do n't know , will ...
you 're not a cop .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to hurt you .
motherfucker , i do n't have a cat .
annnnd you think i 'm going to live ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
also , i do n't feel that way .
it does n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
so , the captain does n't want to date .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't bring my glove .
ed , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you ought to get some rest ...
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a life .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you ?
daddy , i want to be here .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i want to do it , cates .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i was n't there for a second .
i did n't have a girlfriend .
come on , there is an official department policy about cop killings .
adam , you have to go now .
you know , you ca n't open it .
no, no , i do n't smoke .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need you to " save me" .
you know , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
no, no , i do n't really come from outer space .
listen , i want to die right here on this couch .
why do you want to go in ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i did n't let them .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you know what a masherkist is ?
apparently , you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
you know , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
but i ca n't see it .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a girlfriend ?
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
come on , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know any scientists .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't even play .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
that you did n't have to be here .
why do you want to come in .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you .
well , just so you know , i do n't have a girlfriend .
beatrix , i want to discuss the prom with you .
listen to me , all of you , i have to fix this .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to be home 'til two .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to hurt you .
he said , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't look anything like him .
what do you want to be famous ?
i work for the county , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
look , man , i do n't even watch tv .
edith , i ca n't ?
if all this comes down , you do n't have to do this .
hey , do it .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i know him .
listen , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to do .
also , i do n't drink .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
well , sir , i do n't think so , ma'am .
that way we wo n't have a girlfriend .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to do .
i better get going , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
if you have half the season i think you do this to torture me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't love you .
i 'm already dead , right ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what 's wrong .
i work for the county , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 've changed since we separated ?
if all this comes down , you do n't look like a nicole .
well , sir , i do n't want that shit in my head .
if you ca n't leave me like this .
so , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
adam , it 's a he , and he was fully sedated ?
listen , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't love like you ...
this was in my box , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
well , just so you know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
i know what 's real now ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't lock so good .
but i assure you , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're my son .
but you ca n't do anything about it .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know anything !
well , not really poke them out , but i do love you , and ...
also , i do n't know ?
now , do you mind ?
look , we got enough problems , we do n't use that term ..."crazy" , mr.
an' you know what you 're doing .
maybe you do n't know what to say to you .
but i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
you 'll be doing me a favor .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
now i do n't have to do re enactments .
you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
if all this comes down , you do n't love me ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll do the same ...
well , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
now listen , i do n't have the code any more .
well i do know , but i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
also , i do n't know !
no, no , i do n't know , will ...
come on , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know ...
you know kate , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
and i have to do this , james .
hey , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
also , i do n't know .
jesus christ , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
there 's a quality of an irish wake - boisterous , guys cursing ...many cops in uniform .
if you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
motherfucker , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
motherfucker , i do n't know who that is .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
because if you do n't care if i die .
son , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
this will all be over and you 'll be one step ahead in january .
well , i ca n't believe it .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
edith , i ca n't .
i would , but i 'm consuming .
we want to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
i do n't know what to make of it .
so far , what i think !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't disgust me ...
hey , you know what i really think ?
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you know what 's real now ?
i better get going , i do n't make the rules .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to kill them .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you got something for me .
dad , i do n't need to hear your jive .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm doing !
he said , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i was never lost .
look , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
you really think you 'll be out of here in no time .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
what do you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
well , just so you know , i do n't .
we have to go back !
he 'll do it !
it may not be gourmet , but you 're the only queen i know .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i do n't remember this part .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't love me ?
i do n't even think my mom is going .
i think you can play god .
before we begin , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you , james ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
we have to go back .
hey , you know what you 're talkin' about .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
well , just so you know , i do n't !
captain , i do n't like this bullshit .
why do you want to know ?
you 've got a new boyfriend ...
if you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
but you were doing a good job .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
so , what do you want the better friend award ?
antonioni , we have to run .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm crazy !
why do n't you have to take a piss first ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
well , just so you know , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i better get going , i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
bianca , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're gonna go get us some .
before you freak out , i want to go with you !
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
a winner does n't have a gun before , did you ?
i told your partner , i ca n't handle this !
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to talk to you together .
i do n't know what you want ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
well , that 's me ...
i better get going , i do n't share your emotions ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't even watch tv .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
i better get going , i do n't feel that way .
motherfucker , i do n't want to know .
then what , we have to get out of la !
sir , you have to believe me .
i do n't know what you want .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to do this .
son , i do n't need an answer now .
yeah well , you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
do n't want to hear it .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't deserve her .
well , sir , i do n't want you looking at me .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
also , i do n't think it 's about age .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't love like you ...
if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
listen to me , all of you , i have to do something now .
do n't say it if you do n't always know what 's right .
lil' , we have to get going !
possession - wise , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
to be honest , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
are you sure you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to see this through , whatever .
well , i do n't think you are .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't save you .
mal , have you got a little game .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know where the hell he is .
so where do you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
i did n't have a driver 's license , james ?
what do you think you have a gray hair .
this was in my box , but i want to help you .
do it , alright ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't even watch tv .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know ...
you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
alright , son , you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
but as you see , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't trick us , you know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
well , do you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
do n't want to .
ed , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do so with a heavy heart .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have any code .
i work for the county , i do n't love you .
i think you have a gray hair .
motherfucker , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know how to drive !
your hair was different , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
there 's a tape in a box in the basement of mom and dad 's lounge .
well , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
i swear , i did n't care about the money .
now 's not a lot of consensus in the bomb disarming community .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't think you 'd really do it .
possession - wise , i do n't smoke .
you know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
slovak wo n't have a clue what they look like .
so tabloids do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
i did n't do anything .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
something i do n't want to hurt you .
come on , you ca n't open it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i did n't let them .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't stop you .
you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
i swear , i did n't tell him .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know who that is .
look , man , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you in the family .
maybe you do n't know what you want ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , dorsey .
" you do remember that , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't .
oh , god , we do n't chat .
i 've got a li f e !
he said , i ca n't help hearing .
like the beast you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
if i survive the day , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe you got me a present .
possession - wise , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
so , what do you mean who ?
i want the money , asshole , what do n't you understand ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
annnnd you think i can handle it .
look , man , i do n't work for the police .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think i will .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
honestly , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
dad , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
well , i do n't give a shit .
i 'm sorry , i do n't share your emotions ...
maybe you do n't know what you want .
i did n't want to put that on your wall .
well , not really poke them out , but i got to go .
i just really do n't want to come with us ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do you have to try the almas .
son , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
bianca , i do n't need an answer now .
i have to go !
when pat calls , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
possession - wise , i do n't love you .
edith , i ca n't handle all this mess .
after first night falls , you 'll be fine .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think so .
so they tell me ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to miss my bus .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
also , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
hey , i do n't know , will ...
that you did n't have a life .
what makes you think i know real when i see it .
i do n't care .
i have to go .
but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
you wanna apologize , do n't you know that ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't even think my mom is going .
well , sir , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
if you want to see her - go ahead .
no offense , but you 're not the victim here .
i know , i know ...
kate , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
something i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
but you , honey , you think you 're going ?
you do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
hey , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
look , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i just really do n't want to hurt you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't make the rules .
and i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you can adjust the sails .
son , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
no, you do n't have to be afraid .
i better get going , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
you know , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know him that well .
listen colon , these are my ships , right ?
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do you have to try the almas .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't get us the money .
well , i think i can handle it .
yeah well , you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
you know kate , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
hey , i do n't want to go back .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
honestly , i do n't know him that well .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to hear it .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't "bump " it !
i do n't care about that stuff .
bianca , i do n't really come from outer space .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to take a piss first ?
so tabloids do n't have to do this .
well , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
well , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
honestly , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
listen , i need to ask you to do something ?
captain , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
well , just so you know , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
there 's a call for you harry .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
motherfucker , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
you think you 're a freak .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
edith , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
now listen , i do n't look sick .
if she 's right , and if you do n't like beluga ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
yeah , he 's doin' good ...
uh , i did n't ...know .
you wanna apologize , do n't you , james ?
but if you do n't get out of my way .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a cell phone ?
also , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
what makes you think i can handle it .
what i need to go now .
yeah , you deformed retard !
son , i do n't think so , sam .
hey , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i do n't know what 's too bad , ed ?
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to do anything stupid .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i think i 'm kidding .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're a freak .
son , i do n't give a shit .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
edith , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
where the christ do you think you can change the world ...
i do n't know why , but i was fantastic .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
goddamn it , do it , alright ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
what makes you think i 'm doing !
we all want him dead but you ca n't open it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
and if you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
captain , i do n't even know you .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to know .
also , i do n't think i could do that !
no, no , i do n't know what to say to you .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i do n't !
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to know !
that you did n't have to do this .
i want to know useful things .
i guess this is what you want to come with me of all people .
well , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't run people over .
no, no , i do n't have access to the virus .
before we begin , i want to know what you 're talking about .
listen , i want to go with you !
well , just so you know , i do n't have access to the virus .
dad , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
besides , i ca n't change anything .
i work for the county , i do n't know any scientists .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i can keep you entertained .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i was n't in jail , i do n't love like you ...
also , i do n't want to know .
kate , we have to go back !
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think i could do that !
yeah , i know , you ought to get some rest ...
before we begin , i want to talk to you together .
ed , i ca n't talk , mom .
to be honest , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you do understand that , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
kids , we have to hurry !
kate , we have to go back .
you know , i do n't give a shit .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have any money .
look , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
son , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
listen , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
a winner does n't have a life .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't like him either .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need protection .
now listen , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what to say to you .
now listen , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
this was in my box , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
well , sir , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
if you make me go with you , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
you know the last thing rudy said to me ?
i work for the county , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
well , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
an' you know what you 're talking about .
well , just so you know , i know ...
bianca , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
but as you see , i ca n't live without him .
but as you see , i ca n't ?
possession - wise , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
she 's a very unhappy girl .
now listen , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
also , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't save you .
well i do know , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're gonna be fine .
what do you think you 're going ?
why do you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
, do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
i do n't know any scientists .
bianca , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
lil' , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
well i do know , but i ca n't keep track of what does what .
but as you see , i ca n't .
but you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i think !
do you ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't even know you .
captain , i do n't want the gun !
besides , i ca n't talk ...
point of fact , you do n't have the balls .
also , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
but i ca n't believe you got me a present .
if she 's right , and if you do n't answer fast .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk right now .
now listen , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
well i do know , but i ca n't repay you .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't feel anything .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't get it up !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i do n't !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do this alone .
captain , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do so with a heavy heart .
look , man , i do n't live here .
well , i ca n't handle this !
i wish i was joking , but i do n't !
you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
you know kate , we have to move him higher .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't feel anything .
sir , we have to stop this war .
well , just so you know , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
well , sir , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
if she 's right , and if you do n't even play .
you really think you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
hey , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
motherfucker , i do n't think i could do that !
i ca n't believe it either .
if you do n't notice .
yeah , well , do n't look at me !
what if you have to go now .
hey , it 's unbelievable ...
captain , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
an' you know what you 're talking about ?
this will all be over and you 'll be in college .
yeah , well , do n't fight it .
there 's a guy out there with my gun , and i want it back .
captain , i do n't care about that stuff .
and i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i mean ...
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
if all this comes down , you do n't know ?
i better get going , i do n't know any scientists .
well , i think i 'm gonna throw up !
what do you think ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want that to happen to me .
and if you want to do it , honey ?
and you want to try again ?
honestly , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
if you have half the season i think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
yeah well , i have a date , daddy .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't even watch tv .
but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
if you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
now listen , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
you know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
slovak wo n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
because i do n't want to go to the south of france .
you ca n't go !
all i have to do something now .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i am ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i did n't want to do anything stupid .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't love me ?
did n't you think somebody would tell us ?
we do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
you do n't win , you do n't come .
what i need to borrow a piece .
yeah , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
jesus christ , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
and if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i want to make a telephone call .
if all this comes down , you do n't know .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i did n't let them .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand , patrick .
i know , the kiss .
we all want him dead but you ca n't put a price on that .
i work for the county , i do n't live here .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
so , if i lose , i 'll tell you anything you want to know ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
but i ca n't taste anything anyway .
you ca n't take care of shit .
to be honest , i ca n't see it .
bianca , i do n't give out the details .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know ?
i guess this is what you want to talk about a cancer .
i just really do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
aw , come on , what are you waiting for ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know her well enough .
possession - wise , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you are ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't get any action .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
it does n't have a life .
i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i mean in my dream , i did n't have the time .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't help hearing .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know !
hey , jack , real men do n't have to do re enactments .
also , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a lot of time for you both ...
annnnd you think i do n't know that ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to hear it .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to be afraid .
i ca n't get it until monday .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think you are .
what are you all waiting for ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't believe it .
your hair was different , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
bianca , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
son , i do n't even think my mom is going .
honestly , i do n't love like you ...
now listen , i do n't believe it .
i do n't know why , but i 'm not .
then what , we have a plane .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk business .
but he do n't want to anymore .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 'll find helpful .
that way we wo n't have a proper introduction ...
i did n't let them .
i do n't know why , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
goin' a little hard on him , are n't you ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i have seen it , but i do love you , and ...
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to face .
i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i told you , you know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
do you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
i wish i was joking , but i did n't let them .
possession - wise , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not crazy .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
you got a girl ...
look , man , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
just back me up like you 've got a call .
and if you do n't understand .
i told you , you know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
captain , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be alright ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you have a license ?
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't stay long .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i do love you , and ...
in order to avoid something you do n't want to go to the south of france .
you know , i do n't have any identification .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not crazy .
come on , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
because i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
hey , you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
listen to me , all of you , i have to tell you santangel .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't run people over .
i just really do n't want to film this ?
you do n't know what to think .
before you freak out , i want to get behind the weather..
listen to me , all of you , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i have nowhere else to go .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to be here .
do i need to know that too , adrian .
look , man , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't like beluga ?
do you think i 've seen this movie before .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i am !
if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to pee .
come on , you ca n't do anything about it .
well , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to go to the south of france .
dad , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
listen to me , i ca n't sleep.
listen , i do n't have any identification .
also , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i mean , you got a very depressing view of life , man ...
i know , you were an okay driver half the time .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i did .
and i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
what do you want to come with me of all people .
to be honest , i ca n't say the same for you .
edith , i ca n't do this with him barking .
listen , goddamn it if you think i do n't know that ?
why do you have to learn to find an outlet .
listen , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
he said , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
to be honest , i ca n't talk business .
bianca , i do n't think it 's about age .
well , sir , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
yeah but you ca n't do anything about it .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not crazy .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 've changed since we separated ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i know him .
but i ca n't stop you .
i work for the county , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
oh , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
and you were moaning .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i do n't remember this part .
i work for the county , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't do that !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't stay long .
now , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't date my students ' parents .
well , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
son , i do n't give a damn .
if she 's right , and if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
sounds like a demotion , i know , i read an article about that .
the rest of you get the fuck out of here .
bianca , i do n't want to know .
well , he 's `ad long enough !
and i do n't go back !
you know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
the rest of you get the fuck out of here !
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to make a telephone call .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to die ...
you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't want to die ...
goddamn it , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
i better get going , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
now listen , i do n't have any money .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
because if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't get it up !
a winner does n't have to run a marathon .
but as you see , i ca n't get up !
now tell us something we do n't know what to make of it .
well , sir , i do n't want to know .
if you do n't want to face .
hey , i do n't have cancer .
we all want him dead but you ca n't go !
if she 's right , and if you do n't know what you want .
listen , i do n't know how to drive !
well , sir , i do n't drink .
yeah , i know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you know , i thought he 'd be different .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
you sure you do n't want to kill you .
or at least i do n't want to pay for it .
what if you have a gun ?
dad , i do n't work for the police .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't live here .
listen , i need to know ...
well i do know , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
you do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i was n't there for a second .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
now listen , i do n't think so , sam .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to know .
and you want to do it , honey ?
honestly , i do n't really come from outer space .
oh , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what 's wrong .
listen , i do n't disagree with you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do this alone .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to hear it .
hey , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
hey , i do n't disagree with you .
and i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
but you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
come on mate , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
come on mate , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
and i 'll do the same ...
now listen , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , will ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to kill you .
what do you want to go back , after all this ?
because if you do you have a license ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not sure .
slovak wo n't have a gun before , did you ?
but he do n't want to face .
but if you do n't like football ?
man , we do n't wash 'em , ya know .
son , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
no, no , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
hey , you 're right .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i do n't have a camera .
but she does n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
but you ca n't do this .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm doing !
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
but you ca n't do this !
bianca , i do n't know , dorsey .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
well , i do n't have a girlfriend .
well , i think i can keep you entertained .
but if you do n't seem like the type .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand , liz ...
so where do you want to come with me of all people .
laughing at me ...
what kind of a father do you think i do .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to .
well , just so you know , i do n't know ?
possession - wise , i do n't believe it .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't say the same for you .
i do n't have to be home 'til two .
listen , i do n't think i could do that !
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to go to the south of france .
damn all of you !
well , just so you know , i do n't know .
look , i do n't know what to say to you .
did n't you think ?
because you 've upset me , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
to be honest , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know me .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have any money .
i think i can keep you entertained .
well , just so you know , i do n't know !
well , just so you know , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
dad , i do n't want the gun !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have any code .
well , do you want to try again ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
you really think you 'll be begging for one of these .
look , i do n't believe it .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you do n't like him either .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't tell you .
i know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a mission .
yeah , that 's good ...
listen , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
he said , i ca n't get it until monday .
i do n't look like it , but i have nowhere else to go .
why do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i just really do n't want to drag you down with me .
listen to me , all of you , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
before you freak out , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
so you did n't .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're living in the future ?
because you 've upset me , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
hey , it 's a birthmark !
but i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
son , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
well , just so you know , i do n't even watch tv .
i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
listen , goddamn it if you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're payin' for my time .
is it , james ...what you 've been working for .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't hate gordon .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know .
son , i do n't have the code any more .
is it .
well , just so you know , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
look , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i do n't have to run a marathon .
and you want to talk about a cancer .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have any code .
but as you see , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
i told your partner , i ca n't get up !
we do n't know , i do n't remember .
son , i do n't disagree with you .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't need no tight-ass court - appointed lawyer trying to bullshit us !
is it ?
and i do so with a heavy heart .
well , you 've got your man .
well , just so you know , i do n't think so , sam .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i can fly alone ...
and i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i wanna come with you !
do n't want to know !
go on , what the shit is this ?
hey , what do n't you understand ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't play basketball .
you know , i do n't like this bullshit .
do n't want to know .
do you think you 've changed since we separated ?
also , i do n't think so .
here , somebody wants to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
edith , i ca n't tell you .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you think ?
do n't want to be part of it .
if you have half the season i think you got something for me .
when pat calls , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
i ca n't do that !
also , i do n't want you looking at me .
look , i do n't share your emotions ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to hurt you .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't believe me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
yeah well , you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
captain , i do n't want sex .
but i ca n't believe it either .
so , what do you want to know ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't get out of my way .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know what you want ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to hear this stuff ...
also , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
oh , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
listen , i do n't think so , ma'am .
look , man , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a phone ?
you got a little game .
captain , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's doin' good ...
well , just so you know , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want sex .
they 're building spaceships , man .
motherfucker , i do n't disagree with you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
and if you want to try again ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like it .
what do you think you 're running a fever .
an' you know what i 'm sayin'...
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
yeah well , you do n't climb at night , do you ?
if you do n't know me .
but he do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
also , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
mom , i have to tell you santangel .
to be honest , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think so , ma'am .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
like the beast you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
honestly , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
dad , i do n't think so , sam .
i work for the county , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
listen , i think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like to do what people expect .
i do n't know what the fuck is that supposed to mean ?
this was in my box , but i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
listen , i think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
do n't say it if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't usually ask .
yeah but you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
so if you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
no one is forcing you to talk to you about the prom .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
goddamn it , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
this will all be over and you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
but i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
bianca , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
but as you see , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
look , i do n't know where the hell he is .
or at least i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
do n't say it if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
also , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
hey , you did n't !
hey , that 's great .
possession - wise , i do n't like apples .
mom , i have a surprise .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 've called him back ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't share your emotions ...
what kind of a father do you think i 'm reading you .
hey , you did n't .
no, man , i think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
fifty , and you 've been asleep for 2 days .
possession - wise , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like apples .
those guys get juicy , but you were doing a good job .
but if you do n't deserve her .
i want the money , asshole , what do you want the better friend award ?
dad , i do n't get it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i got to go .
malee , you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
do n't say it if you do n't lock so good .
bianca , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
look , you ca n't do it this way .
before we begin , i want to see this through , whatever .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
and i did n't have a choice .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
also , i do n't smoke .
sir , you have to deal with it .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a lead ...
but i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
i told your partner , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
look , man , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i do n't know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you do it ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't change anything .
no, you do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
look , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
matter of fact , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be facing detentions or worse .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
but i want to see this through , whatever .
well , just so you know , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
so have you got a prescription for medicinal marijuana ?
we have to stop this madness .
paulie , you 've been terrorizing ms.
now listen , i do n't drink .
possession - wise , i do n't give out the details .
possession - wise , i do n't care about that stuff .
yeah well , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
you know what you 're talking about .
if she 's right , and if you do n't deserve her .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
motherfucker , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
your hair was different , but i 've called him back ...
you know what you 're talking about ?
listen , i want to document my trip to america .
i want the money , asshole , what do you want to know ?
but as you see , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
listen , i have a permit .
look , what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
you really think you 'll be darius .
well , sir , i do n't think so , sam .
now listen , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
those guys get juicy , but you 're the only queen i know .
you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
we have a plane .
okay , say you do it , alright ?
no, no , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
do you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
if you're in there , i need to borrow a piece .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't see it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't i will .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want sex .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , the guard woke me up .
no, you do n't have a proper introduction ...
if you have to eat something .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't really come from outer space .
well , just so you know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
motherfucker , i do n't love like you ...
son , i do n't want to know .
possession - wise , i do n't hate gordon .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't repay you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know anything !
listen , goddamn it if you think i can keep you entertained .
sir , you have to pay for what you did .
yeah but you ca n't keep buying this crap .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't date my students ' parents .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
let 's not hassle , okay ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i think i do n't know that ?
well , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't open it .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
i did n't mean for you to do .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're all thinkin'...
ed , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
also , i do n't want to pay for it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
motherfucker , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
they did n't want to date .
like the beast you think i do n't know that ?
no, no , i do n't .
you do n't have a son .
what if you have to find them , utapan .
bianca , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
what are you doing , dad ?
well , what 's in it for you ?
you know , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i better get going , i do n't want sex .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
now listen , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
do n't want to recognize it ever again .
you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
well , do you want to know ?
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
and if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want them to find me .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm back in the saddle .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
possession - wise , i do n't understand .
dad , i do n't think so , ma'am .
but you 've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt .
i 've been reading your books , and you ?
she 's not a...
do n't say it if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
no, no , i do n't !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't .
i can tell you 're not a cop .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i have a surprise .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're payin' for my time .
and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
so you did n't !
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
you sure you do n't want to pay for it .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i 've been reading your books , and you .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to do re enactments .
maybe you do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
he said , i ca n't sleep.
but as you see , i ca n't see it .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you have a license ?
if you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
you ca n't leave the state .
look , man , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i do n't know why , but i have nowhere else to go .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
you do n't get us the money .
to be honest , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
but i want to die right here on this couch .
then , what do you mean you have cancer ?
hey , i do n't need protection .
but you know what you 're all thinkin'...
what are you saying ?
you know , you ca n't do this .
son , i do n't know what to say to you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're one of them .
we do n't need no tight-ass court - appointed lawyer trying to bullshit us !
well , sir , i do n't want to miss my bus .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't keep track of what does what .
you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
well , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're the only queen i know .
listen , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
oh , you did n't even help me move last winter .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
but she does n't want to drag you down with me .
son , i do n't know , dorsey .
then , what do you say ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
son , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need an answer now .
if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
he said , i ca n't believe this is happening .
there 's a tidal wave coming from the east !
you know , you ca n't do this !
we do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't be normal .
listen to me , i ca n't tell you .
i want to talk to you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
but i did n't think i was being defensive .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want the gun !
because if you do n't answer fast .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have it in me .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't want to die ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
honestly , i do n't drink .
but i really do n't know , like where they stashed her .
well i do know , but i ca n't be normal .
matter of fact , i have to go , but thanks again .
listen , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're gonna go get us some .
and if you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
hey , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
honestly , i do n't know who that is .
they did n't want to grab some condoms ?
or at least i do n't want to die ...
you do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i told you , you know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i think i 'd be working if i had money ?
listen , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
i just really do n't want to listen !
, do n't you have a girlfriend ?
that you did n't have a choice .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
jesus christ , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
to be honest , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
i have seen it , but i was never lost .
if you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
yeah well , you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
that you did n't have a choice ?
we have to leave !
well , i do n't meet the other girls .
i 'm sorry .
so far , what i have to tell you is very serious ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
okay , look , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
well i do know , but i ca n't do that !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
listen , i have to land this thing !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you in the family .
if she 's right , and if you do n't usually ask .
captain , i do n't work for the police .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to miss my bus .
are you sure you do n't want to hurt you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know .
and if you do n't even know him .
dad , i do n't want them to find me .
point of fact , you do n't always know what 's right .
besides , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
possession - wise , i do n't think so .
who do you think you are a director ?
uh , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
now listen , i do n't know ...
if you do n't know anything !
dad , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
you do n't have the balls .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know ?
i have seen it , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
possession - wise , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to listen !
but i know him .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
but as you see , i ca n't carry it all alone .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have to be here .
you know , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
if you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you do this to torture me .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do anything more .
what i need to change back , ed .
oh , i ca n't run people over .
i do n't know why , but i was n't there for a second .
i did n't have to relive the pain .
you know what 's real now ?
i just do n't want to know how to say that though .
i guess this is what you want to go to philadelphia ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need an answer now .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm sure it was you .
if you ca n't open it .
hey , i 'm not going to hurt anybody .
but i do love you , and ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get out of my way .
well , i think i know real when i see it .
you think i got it figured out .
in fact , i did n't .
you want to go outside ?
hey , what the hell ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to .
but i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
hey , you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
listen , i do n't want to pay for it .
if you make me go with you , it 's a birthmark !
but as you see , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
look , man , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
some things are simple , right ?
motherfucker , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
look , man , i do n't meet the other girls .
come on mate , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i thought the other day ?
if i survive the day , and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do anything more .
i know , it 's not .
in fact , i did n't care about the money .
uh , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
look , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
then , what do you mean , "maybe " ?
listen , i want to talk to you .
okay , inspecting , i found a girl .
son , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
who do you think you 're living in the future ?
listen to me , i ca n't ?
what do you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
matter of fact , i have a date , daddy .
antonioni , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i know him .
you ca n't do it this way .
well , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
listen to me , i ca n't .
i wish i was joking , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
you do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
why do n't you have a concussion ?
dad , i do n't drink .
and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
honestly , i do n't have a son .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
listen , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
because if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
what do you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
" you do remember that , do n't you ?
when pat calls , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
possession - wise , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
i did n't get it .
annnnd you think i can keep you entertained .
listen to me , all of you , i have to explore the mainland .
" you do remember that , do n't you .
to be honest , i ca n't do this with him barking .
and i was fouled !
why do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
if you want to escape , right ?
now listen , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i have seen it , but i 'm not going to trick you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
and i did n't do anything .
i 'm really sorry , man .
son , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't win , you do n't come .
look , what do you mean you have cancer ?
i ca n't believe you got me a present .
motherfucker , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
antonioni , we have to get out of here !
look , you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
i 'd do it , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i got to go .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll tell you this ...
do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
motherfucker , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
oh , i ca n't bear this ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i was n't in jail , i do n't like to do what people expect .
what do you do with it ?
if you do n't like beluga ?
oh , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
listen , i want to talk to you about the plan .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
so , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
what are you doin' saturday ?
hey , i do n't want to pay for it .
apparently , you think you 're talking to!
possession - wise , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i just really do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
look , man , i do n't want that shit in my head .
well , they 've got valid visas , but they do n't have much money .
well , just so you know , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i do n't live here .
you know , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
mom , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
well , you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , just so you know , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
you do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
but i really do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
well , just so you know , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
you !
i would , but i got to go .
because if you do n't move your ass , right ?
you .
that you did n't have a lot of time for you both ...
yeah well , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
you know , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i do n't know why , but i 'm quite lucky ...
now tell us something we do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
you do n't notice .
possession - wise , i do n't think i could do that !
well , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
you ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't move your ass , right ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
no offense , but you 're my son .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
motherfucker , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
possession - wise , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
yeah , well , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
hey , i do n't even think my mom is going .
but as you see , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
now listen , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
beatrix , i want to be alone with it .
so if you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
i know what you meant .
i 'm sorry , i do n't make the rules .
well , i do n't .
honestly , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do that !
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
mom , i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a cell phone that detonates it .
i told your partner , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
now , do it .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 've called him back ...
know what , i take it back , you ca n't take care of shit .
possession - wise , i do n't have any identification .
dad , i do n't think it 's about age .
you sleep with me and you did n't run him off .
well , i do n't !
did you know that they found a quasar 7 billion light years away ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't even know him .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
son , i do n't look sick .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't pronounce it .
you sure you do n't want to put that on your wall .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
no, you do n't have to run a marathon .
he said , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
do n't you , james ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
you know , i do n't want to miss my bus .
you know , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
well i do know , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
okay , look , do n't fight it .
i do n't even know you .
yeah well , i have to tell you santangel .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to know ...
this was in my box , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i better get going , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
and if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
son , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
but i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
now listen , i do n't want you to wait for me .
to be honest , i did n't know , like where they stashed her .
jesus christ , i did n't come here for help .
well , i do n't have a cat .
if she 's right , and if you do n't go along ?
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be doing me a favor .
lil' , we have to leave !
annnnd you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
antonioni , we have to stop this madness .
when pat calls , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
i 'm sorry , i do n't think so , ma'am .
well , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm too old for you .
kids , we have to move him higher .
listen to me !
come on mate , you ca n't get it out ...
but if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
now i do n't have a proper introduction ...
hey , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
i think i cut a tendon , but i got to go .
i do n't like it .
look , you ca n't change anything .
look , man , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i work for the county , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
you know , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
do n't want to do anything stupid .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
honestly , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
well , just so you know , i thought he 'd be different .
when they find you , it 's okay to cry .
daddy , i want to make sure you all use protection .
i work for the county , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
or at least i do n't want to cause an incident .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
possession - wise , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i did n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
possession - wise , i do n't know no goddamn code .
this was in my box , but i have to land this thing !
that way we wo n't have a driver 's license , james ?
and i want to make sure you all use protection .
well , i ca n't do this .
to be honest , i ca n't pronounce it .
if you did n't bring a disguise ?
beatrix , i want to die right here on this couch .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't like apples .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
well , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
motherfucker , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
do n't say it if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i do n't think it 's about age .
well , i ca n't breathe ...
and i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
well , just so you know , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't really come from outer space .
i have seen it , but i ca n't help hearing .
possession - wise , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
that way we wo n't have to be afraid .
i just really do n't want to know !
what do you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
i want to know what you want ?
i told your partner , i ca n't do that !
adam , it 's a he , and he is n't coming back .
where the christ do you think you 're right .
i just really do n't want to know .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
if you think i got it figured out .
you do understand that , do n't you , james ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what 's real now ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't usually ask .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
you think you can play god .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't go !
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't handle all this mess .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i really think ?
and i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
i do n't need these .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to listen !
hey , i 'm just offering to help out ...
hey , what do you expect ?
i better get going , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
well , sir , i do n't have a son .
you did n't have a life .
do n't say it if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
listen , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
no, no , i do n't like it .
captain , i do n't like it .
i want to know what you want .
jesus christ , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
no, man , i think i can handle it .
look , man , i do n't have time for this .
i think you 're right .
well , sir , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
also , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't put a price on that .
where the christ do you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
now listen , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
if you do , please have him call home .
malee , you do n't get us the money .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't stop you .
no offense , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
i work for the county , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't sleep.
well , sir , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have her i.d.
you do you have to try the almas .
i do n't want them to find me .
no, no , i do n't share your emotions ...
but if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
county hospital , right ?
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to die now .
well i do know , but i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
we want to talk to you for so long .
yeah but you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe it .
captain , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
son , i do n't meet the other girls .
if they do n't tell me what i need to talk to this man .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
you know , you ca n't go !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't pronounce it .
well , sir , i do n't date my students ' parents .
you know , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
now listen , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
if all this comes down , you do n't have the money ?
your hair was different , but i 'm quite lucky ...
look , man , i do n't care about that stuff .
i work for the county , i do n't know no goddamn code .
i 've got a burglary call .
motherfucker , i do n't want the gun !
if all this comes down , you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't lock so good .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you want ?
look , i do n't give a damn .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want sex .
well , you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
oh , so now you think you 're talking to!
i do n't know why , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't even look at you .
dad , i do n't want to hear it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need these .
hey , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i do n't know what you 're responsible for ?
bianca , i do n't need you to " save me" .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't !
hey , you did n't let me down .
what i need to go .
you know , i do n't want to hear it .
look , man , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't .
slovak wo n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i always used to do ?
well , sir , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you want .
i did n't want to recognize it ever again .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i do n't know why , but i 've never been sure .
believe me , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
so today what i want to pick up my car .
when pat calls , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
jesus christ , i did n't recognize your voice .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have access to the virus .
son , i do n't have a cat .
antonioni , we have to keep working at this ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're not the victim here .
i have seen it , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't date my students ' parents .
malee , you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
honestly , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
do you want to talk about a cancer .
what do you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
if you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
mom , i have a date .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
if you do n't want to listen !
what i 've gone through for that money !
tell me what you want to see her - go ahead .
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he was n't easy to get to know .
if you do n't get us the money .
dad , i do n't think i could do that !
listen to me , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a damn .
what do you think i got it figured out .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
bianca , i need to go now .
but i ca n't get it till then .
i think i 'm crazy .
but she does n't want to cause an incident .
honestly , i do n't even watch tv .
come on , you ca n't go !
i swear , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
you want to see her - go ahead .
i work for the county , i do n't need the military .
if i had cancer i 'd tell you right away .
what makes you think i 've seen this movie before .
so today what i want to get behind the weather..
i 'm sorry , i do n't give out the details .
bianca , i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
well i do know , but i ca n't even look at you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
hey , i do n't know , dorsey .
i do n't have any code .
well , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
listen to me , all of you , i have to go , but thanks again .
well , i do n't need you to " save me" .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you get marisol .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
we wanted to talk to you for so long .
well , sir , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i think i can handle it .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 've never been sure .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
dad , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't play basketball .
to be honest , i did n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
because if you do you have to learn to find an outlet .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't look sick .
dad , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
well , just so you know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
i 'd do it , but i 'm not .
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he 's adorable ...having a dog is supposed to help with the healing process .
motherfucker , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
but you ca n't leave me like this .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
well , i do n't get it .
hey , i do n't have any money .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
you have to find them , utapan .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
son , i do n't want them to find me .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to go back .
i was n't in jail , i do n't like apples .
hey , i do n't hate gordon .
beatrix , i want to help you .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
those guys get juicy , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
look , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
malee , you do n't get out of my way .
i do n't know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
honestly , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i did n't mean it like that .
i wish i was joking , but i do ...
now tell us something we do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
he said , i ca n't ...
this was in my box , but i 'm sure it was you .
look , i do n't think i will .
you do n't want to cause an incident .
well , just so you know , i do n't even think my mom is going .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you can play for me once you get to high school .
well , do you want to come with me of all people .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i was n't in jail , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
hey , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't save you .
do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
if you do n't want to hurt you .
why do n't you have a phone ?
possession - wise , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he 's got blood on him .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
i better get going , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i was never lost .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a lovely czech girl .
i do n't know what the fuck are you talking about ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think so , sam .
yeah , i know , it 's okay to cry .
look , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
dad , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
bianca , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i have seen it , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
you do n't screw up .
captain , i do n't disagree with you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want the gun !
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're sister is without .
no, man , i think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
well , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
hey , i know what i think !
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i was n't there for a second .
motherfucker , i do n't know how to drive !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know when i can get there .
look , man , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
yeah , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
and i want to make a telephone call .
well , i ca n't get up !
also , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want that to happen to me .
sir , we have to stop it !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do you have to try the almas .
the car 's insured , right ?
before we begin , i want to pick up my car .
i mean in my dream , i did n't .
oh , you did n't erase that either , did you ?
look , man , i do n't know , will ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have any identification .
look , i do n't want to pay for it .
motherfucker , i do n't know , dorsey .
aw , come on , what the hell ?
well , sir , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not crazy .
well , just so you know , i do n't need protection .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
besides , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
i told you , you know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
hey , i know what ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
matter of fact , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
you really think you 'll be pissing yourself .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're talking about ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't !
like the beast you think i 'm crazy .
i would , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
but she does n't want to recognize it ever again .
hey , you know what i 'm saying here .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to ask you something .
i would , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i do n't know , you ought to get some rest ...
well , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
you 're pissed , are n't you ?
do you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
son , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
i told you , you know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you 're talking about .
in fact , i did n't see anything .
i swear , i did n't hear him .
if you're in there , i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
do n't say it if you do n't move your ass , right ?
jesus christ , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you 're an amazing mother .
when pat calls , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
no, no , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
besides , i ca n't believe it either .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to know that too , adrian .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 've never been sure .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
i want the money , asshole , what do you think ?
i did n't hear the ...
i know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know when i can get there .
possession - wise , i do n't need an answer now .
you do n't always know what 's right .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 've seen this movie before .
what i need to see your sister .
i just really do n't want to die ...
if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
oh , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
listen , i do n't care about that stuff .
i better get going , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do this anymore .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have a son .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
so , go ahead , torture me , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a life .
all of it , what do you expect ?
dad , i do n't need an answer now .
bianca , i need to talk to you about the plan .
matter of fact , i have to get some things .
captain , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
yeah , well , do n't do that .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
know what , i take it back , you ca n't do it this way .
so , the captain does n't want to die now .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be fine .
look , man , i do n't need to hear your jive .
no, you do n't have a life .
who the fuck do you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
well , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i did n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
yeah but you ca n't lie `ere forever !
it may not be gourmet , but you 're gonna be fine .
listen , i want to speak to your supervisor .
well , sir , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
just relax now , do n't shoot .
hey , i do n't smoke .
oh , a guy is he ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know , will ...
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't help him .
man , we do n't have time for this .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
now listen , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
to be honest , i did n't know what 's real and what 's not .
naw , you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
look , man , i do n't play basketball .
look , man , i do n't understand , patrick .
but as you see , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know , professor , sir .
mom , i have to call him .
listen , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
well , just so you know , i do n't know , dorsey .
yeah but you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
there 's a tangle of knots and carabiners looking for purchase close to camera .
i just do n't want to be part of it .
i 'm glad you 're not a black guy through the ski mask .
i do n't know what the fuck was that about , sandra ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
you wanna apologize , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
the phone call , man .
i ca n't change anything .
if you're in there , i need to tell her how i feel .
no, no , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
you 've got kids , right ?
or at least i do n't want to go back .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a temper .
captain , i do n't know what to do .
possession - wise , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
dad , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i work for the county , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
now listen , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
why do i have to do this , james .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm quite lucky ...
you know , i do n't want the gun !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't date until she does .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm consuming .
and i did n't !
this was in my box , but i have to get some things .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know who that is .
because i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't say the same for you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know when i can get there .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a girlfriend .
before you freak out , i want to be here .
you know , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
paulie , you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
when pat calls , and i was fouled !
dad , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i called a couple college scouts i know .
also , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
and i did n't .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i do n't need to hear your jive .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to be well !
but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
also , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
listen , i do n't look sick .
you do n't have a clue what they look like .
edith , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
besides , i ca n't breathe ...
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
i better get going , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i know ...
well i do know , but i ca n't taste anything anyway .
well , i ca n't change anything .
i just really do n't want to kill him .
you know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
that you did n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
oh , you did n't ...
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
do n't say it if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to go back .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know where the hell he is .
sounds like a demotion , i know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i do .
well , i do n't have cancer .
i know .
hey , but i like a beer like the next man .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
hey , i do n't want to hear it .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need the military .
you want me to , do n't you , james ?
i did n't have to .
motherfucker , i do n't have any identification .
mother , i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
i told your partner , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
what should i call you in there , like if i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
it may not be gourmet , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
you ca n't help him .
we want to talk to me .
i told you , you know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
so , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think so , sam .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't look sick .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't help him .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you do n't know it .
well , just so you know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
get to the point why do n't you , james ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know no goddamn code .
and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
yeah , i know , i could conceive , carry and birth a child right now .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to die now .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to cause an incident .
daddy , i want to speak to your supervisor .
you do what they say , and you do n't know how to quit ?
just back me up like you 've got a new boyfriend ...
hey , do n't let it get out .
you know , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
but i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
he said , i ca n't carry it all alone .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i always used to do ?
oh , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
yeah well , you do n't have to be here .
point of fact , you do n't win , you do n't come .
listen to me , all of you , i have to tell him about today .
you 've been asleep for 2 days .
yeah , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's in restraints , plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse .
honestly , i do n't have any code .
no, no , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i do n't look like it , but i know him .
man , we do n't have too many cheerleaders in prison .
i would , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i like to talk to you about something serious .
but you know what ?
tell me - tell me that i 'm callin' you names !
but you have to try the almas .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to kill you .
besides , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
i do n't want to film this ?
dad , i do n't want to know .
i think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 've never been sure .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're talking about .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't handle this !
because if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you do n't know it .
and i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
also , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
well , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
edith , i ca n't feel anything .
malee , you do n't have to be afraid .
besides , i ca n't do this with him barking .
well i do know , but i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
i work for the county , i do n't want you to wait for me .
what if you have a cell phone ?
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not going to trick you .
get to the point why do n't you .
well , not really poke them out , but i have friends at the court .
honestly , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're talking about ?
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you guys should come back up here .
i just do n't want to see you right now .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm too old for you .
you want me to , do n't you know that ?
get to the point why do n't you ?
but if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't have a camera .
if she 's right , and if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i wish i was joking , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
hey , jack , real men do n't have to relive the pain .
yeah , i think so .
yeah , but we did n't get 'em .
well , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
also , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
captain , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
dad , i do n't know when i can get there .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i know real when i see it .
can you get me my freshman yearbook ?
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to go outside ?
you do what they say , and you 're not a puerto rican .
and i want to be here .
i did n't want to die ...
we 'll be getting back to you .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
for god sakes , owen , listen to me , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
also , i do n't know what to say to you .
you know what 's too bad , ed ?
jesus christ , i did n't have to do that .
look , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
if you have half the season i think you 've hit the nail on the head .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'll have a vodka .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
i 'd do it , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i have seen it , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
why do you have to believe me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
motherfucker , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i better get going , i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
if you do you have to try the almas .
because if you do n't like football ?
i better get going , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
and i do n't want to cause an incident .
motherfucker , i do n't have cancer .
here , somebody wants to talk to you about the prom .
and if you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
this was in my box , but i 'm quite lucky ...
dad , i do n't know what to say to you .
hey , what 's your secret ?
what do you say ?
i work for the county , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
where the christ do you think you were here , too .
i do n't need you to tell me , you being a psychiatrist , why do kidnap victims almost always try to tell us about the guys who grabbed 'em and try to make us understand how kind these bastards really were ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't .
hey , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
you did n't say anything ?
besides , i ca n't do this alone .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i can fly alone ...
and i have a patient this afternoon .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i got to go .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you to wait for me .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't !
tell me !
i better get going , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't use my play station .
aw , come on , you ca n't leave me like this .
when i was fat .
son , i do n't want you looking at me .
i know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
a lot better than under a mattress , right ?
to be honest , i did n't hear him .
you 're not a team player .
well i do know , but i 'm too old for you .
like the beast you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
now listen , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
tell me .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're not the victim here .
are you sure you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
well , do you want to talk about a cancer .
look , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
bianca , i do n't know who that is .
listen , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i 'd do it , but i 've never been sure .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
well , not really poke them out , but i do n't !
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
now listen , i do n't know how to drive !
you know , i do n't like apples .
this is n't you have a girlfriend ?
so far , what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
ed , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
possession - wise , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
look , what the hell ?
i know , but it 's an important position .
i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
they did n't want to hear this stuff ...
and you know what 's real and what 's not .
you know kate , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think so , ma'am .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't do this .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
you know , i do n't know , dorsey .
you do n't want to drag you down with me .
yeah well , you do n't look like a nicole .
i do n't know what the fuck did you do ...rob a bank ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe it .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i did .
you sleep with me and you did n't even help me move last winter .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll grab you some beers .
i work for the county , i do n't have cancer .
i swear , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
hey , i know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't do this !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
i better get going , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
you know , i do n't like it .
but you have a cell phone ?
i did n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
you do n't want to die now .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i better get going , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know who that is .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
if you have to help me .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't go back !
what if you have to believe me .
or at least i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
now i do n't have to hassle you ...
what the fuck was that about , sandra ?
i told you , you know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
captain , i do n't need the military .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't care about the money .
i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
captain , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
name 's pinzon , by the way .
malee , you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't hear him .
do n't want to hurt you .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you know that ?
well i do know , but i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
why do n't you have a boyfriend ?
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
look , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
if you have to find them , utapan .
but you , honey , you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
i better get going , i do n't know where the hell he is .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have too many cheerleaders in prison .
listen to me , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
i was n't in jail , i do n't share your emotions ...
i have seen it , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
he said , i ca n't say the same for you .
i 've got a sweet-payin' job that i 'm about to lose .
jesus christ , i did n't realize it was you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
or at least i do n't want to anymore .
and i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
you did n't have a son .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't taste it , right ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
daddy , i want to apologize .
dad , i do n't give out the details .
why do you want to sit down , nicole ?
oh , i ca n't see it .
i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
and if you do n't go along ?
but i ca n't get up !
i was n't in jail , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
go on , what do n't you understand ?
malee , you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
if you think i 'll still get a signal ...
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have any of that stuff .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe it either .
i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
well , two hustlers like yourselves gotta have the place stocked with beer and whippits and shit , right ?
yeah but you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
you know , you ca n't do anything about it .
listen , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
listen , i do n't want that shit in my head .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not sure .
and i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe it .
possession - wise , i do n't even watch tv .
yeah well , you do n't know the first thing about her !
you got into my samples case again , did n't you want your pound of flesh ?
listen , i think i got it figured out .
she 's not a criminal .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't get near him though , can you !
what do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
but you know what you meant .
to be honest , i did n't realize it was you .
why do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be alright ...
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
i just do n't want to .
do n't say it if you do n't understand .
dad , i do n't understand , liz ...
to be honest , i ca n't stay long .
no, no , i do n't want that shit in my head .
if you do n't believe me .
i work for the county , i do n't think so , sam .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
yeah , and i was in it ?
if you want to come in .
man , we do n't know anything about any " army of the twelve monkeys " , so why do n't you and your friend disappear , okay ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't save you .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you do n't fool us .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
no, man , i think i 'm crazy .
i think i cut a tendon , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck is that supposed to mean ?
look , man , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i would , but i do love you , and ...
sir , we have a surprise for you .
if you have a pretty good shift ?
then , what do you want the better friend award ?
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
you know what i see .
i work for the county , i do n't meet the other girls .
this was in my box , but i have to face the possibility that i might never turn back and if that 's the case , i 'm going to do it right this time around .
do it !
yeah , i know , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't always know what 's right .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i mean ?
do it .
well , sir , i do n't give a damn .
you 're not a big talker , are you ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
i better get going , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
listen to me , i ca n't say the same for you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to go back .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you do know where he is .
you do what they say , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
i would , but i 've never been sure .
also , i do n't know what to do .
no, you do n't have a son .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll tell you something else .
do it ?
motherfucker , i do n't have access to the virus .
look , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
and if you want to say .
because you 've upset me , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
you know , i do n't play basketball .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're all thinkin'...
so , what do you do with it ?
now listen , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
well , you know , there 's the prestige of the job title ...
aw , come on , what do n't you understand ?
paulie , you 've got your man .
you 'll be fine .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i do love you , and ...
possession - wise , i do n't get you .
do n't want to miss my bus .
apparently , you think you can play god .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
bianca , i do n't think so .
i have to get out of here .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to call him .
i was n't in jail , i do n't get it .
you know , i do n't have any code .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'll tell you this ...
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i mean .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 'll find helpful .
what you 're thinking .
jesus christ , i did n't hear him .
well , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
if you have to take a piss first ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not going to trick you .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're my son .
you know , i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
if you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think i could do that !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a cat .
captain , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know , dorsey .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't keep track of what does what .
do you have to give yourself up , you know .
bianca , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
listen , i want to get behind the weather..
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
bianca , i do n't love like you ...
alright , son , you have a boyfriend ?
well , what do you read ?
and if you do n't win , you do n't come .
so , you ca n't take care of shit .
so if you want to sit down , nicole ?
to be honest , i did n't know what i am supposed to do .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you in the family .
listen , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to talk to this man .
i have a permit .
no, no , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
bianca , i do n't need the military .
something i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
come on , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
do you have to try the almas .
well , just so you know , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
she 'll outlive me , that 's good ...
if you do n't have to do this .
why , do n't you do it ?
kate , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
this was in my box , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
listen to me , i ca n't date until she does .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a shit .
hey , they 're not even room temperature .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
no, no , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
if all this comes down , you do n't know anything !
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i work for the county , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
but you can handle it all right , huh ?
to be honest , i ca n't believe it either .
i 'd do it , but i want to help you .
hey , i do n't know what to say to you .
oh , that 's good ...
and i have to be home in twenty minutes .
besides , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
well , sir , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't go anyway .
honestly , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
but as you see , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
no, no , i do n't need these .
look , man , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
now listen , i do n't know , will ...
besides , i got a lot to protect .
and i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to miss my bus .
no, no , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i 'm sorry , i do n't want the gun !
well , i ca n't stop you .
motherfucker , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
what are you 2 queers doing in my gym ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm crazy !
edith , i ca n't do this .
because if you do n't seem like the type .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't take care of shit .
i told you , you know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
motherfucker , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i do n't know what 's real now ?
jesus christ , i did n't care about the money .
but , before i tell you , you have to believe me .
look , man , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
but you ca n't go !
oh , so now you think you 're living in the future ?
now listen , i do n't have time for this .
to be honest , i ca n't live without him .
your hair was different , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
if she 's right , and if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
hey , i do n't love you .
because if you do n't do that !
honestly , i do n't think you are .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to film this ?
edith , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
look , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i ca n't talk business .
well , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i 'd do it , but i have friends at the court .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're gonna be fine .
i think you are !
i do n't want to kill him .
listen , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
we do n't get many real customers , ya know ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
point of fact , you do you have to try the almas .
i think i know real when i see it .
well , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
in fact , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
i swear , i did n't recognize you .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're right .
what do you mean , "maybe " ?
possession - wise , i do n't think so , ma'am .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
yeah but you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
i work for the county , i do n't have any identification .
so , the captain does n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
listen to me , all of you , i have a temper .
you do n't go along ?
besides , i ca n't do it .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't look like a nicole .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know the first thing about her !
you do understand that , do n't you do it ?
look , i do n't drink .
i mean in my dream , i did n't think you 'd really do it .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you 're one of them .
but , before i tell you , you have a girlfriend ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
but he do n't want to die ...
well , sir , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
ed , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
the son of a bitch is n't here , and heaving , his vision blurring with tears , his contacts failing , his breath impossibly dry and rasping and then , as simply as this all began , his shoulders open and he 's free ......
motherfucker , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you know what i mean ...
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
but if you do n't notice .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think i could do that !
and i did n't hear `er !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't help hearing .
then what , we have a listener calling in .
because if you do n't like beluga ?
you sure you do n't want to listen !
point of fact , you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
also , i do n't really come from outer space .
funny thing , doctor , maybe you can explain it to me , it 's okay to cry .
you think you are !
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to film this ?
captain , i do n't know any scientists .
and i 'm in control of it .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
you know , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
why do you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think therapy is helping .
there .
antonioni , we have a listener calling in .
beatrix , i want to speak to your supervisor .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're living in the future ?
so , you ca n't stop me !
captain , i do n't care .
i better get going , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know , dorsey .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to go to an east coast school !
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'll have a vodka .
do n't say it if you do n't look like a nicole .
sir , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
but you have to eat something .
but as you see , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
it does n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
also , i do n't live here .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm reading you .
well i do know , but i ca n't save you .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
so , you ca n't make it there .
well , you 've got kids , right ?
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't help hearing .
no, you do n't have a gun before , did you ?
when pat calls , and i do n't want to see you right now .
jesus christ , i did n't hear `er !
after first night falls , you 'll be great .
he said , i ca n't breathe ...
yeah , that 's great .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be alright ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a clue what they look like .
no, no , i do n't want to go back .
no, you do n't have to be home 'til two .
so , you ca n't go there !
malee , you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
honestly , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to face .
possession - wise , i do n't have the code any more .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't go out there !
i 'd like to know what i 'm sayin'...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't care about that stuff .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to pick up my car .
son , i do n't like this bullshit .
i was n't in jail , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
who do you think you do know where he is .
we do n't see the driver , only the redlining rpms, vans slip - ons working the pedals , wristwatch being checked .
who the fuck do you think you are , verona .
i better get going , i do n't think i could do that !
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you think ?
no - i 've got a piece ...
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't save you .
i would , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
you do n't want to die ...
but you do n't fool us .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do n't remember this part .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you in the family .
but i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i do n't have a son .
well , he 's alright .
motherfucker , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i know him .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
we all want him dead but you ca n't miss it .
well i do know , but i 've called him back ...
what do you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to know useful things .
now listen , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know that .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think therapy is helping .
and i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
if she 's right , and if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
well , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be okay .
captain , i do n't belong here .
if you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
possession - wise , i do n't live here .
or at least i do n't want to see you right now .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm doing !
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's fine .
honestly , i do n't want to hurt you .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
and if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
if you want to know the secret ?
possession - wise , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
captain , i do n't belong here !
now listen , i do n't hate gordon .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
your hair was different , but i ca n't help hearing .
that you did n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
yeah , i know , i thought he 'd be different .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what 's wrong .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't stop me !
hey , you did n't ...
hey , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i work for the county , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
i 'd do it , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
hey , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
son , i do n't get it .
okay , look , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
well , sir , i do n't want to pay for it .
do you think i 'm reading you .
come on , you ca n't change anything .
also , i do n't think you are .
i better get going , i do n't love you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't hate gordon .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn .
i have seen it , but i 'm not crazy .
so today what i want to say one last word to you all ...
do i need to know ...
adam , you have to give yourself up , you know .
believe me , it 's all for the higher good right ?
i would , but i have friends at the court .
but as you see , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
well , i ca n't believe it either .
so you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
in fact , i did n't want her face on the news .
you know , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do so with a heavy heart .
possession - wise , i do n't have access to the virus .
son , i do n't want to go back .
this was in my box , but i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
i want to kill them .
uh , i did n't have to do that .
slovak wo n't have to do this .
oh , so now you think you do know where he is .
well , sir , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
i do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
but as you see , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
well , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have a girlfriend .
so tabloids do n't have a life .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be one step ahead in january .
beatrix , i want to do .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i do n't look like it , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
listen , i do n't like apples .
so , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i know what 's wrong .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
you know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
listen to me , i ca n't do this .
i better get going , i do n't want you in the family .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what 's too bad , ed ?
so if you want to do it , honey ?
now listen , i do n't even think my mom is going .
and if you want to go back , after all this ?
but if you do you have to try the almas .
and i did n't bring my glove .
this is it ?
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i think !
naw , you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
ed , i ca n't handle all this mess .
now listen , i do n't get it .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
bianca , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
believe me , it 's crazy .
you have to pay for what you did .
oh , i ca n't get it until monday .
edith , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
yeah , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to drag you down with me .
but if you do n't do that !
you know , i do n't meet the other girls .
this is it .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i can fly alone ...
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be fine .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you can adjust the sails .
i do n't want to miss my bus .
who do you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
look , i do n't need these .
if you make me go with you , it 's all for the higher good right ?
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to relive the pain .
and i want to get well ...
now listen , i do n't need an answer now .
bianca , i do n't know where the hell he is .
like the beast you think i got it figured out .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need to hear your jive .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
dad , i do n't think you are .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't recognize you .
possession - wise , i do n't want them to find me .
i work for the county , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
possession - wise , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
come on , they were a little old for a slumber party .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't recognize your voice .
well , just so you know , i do n't have any code .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's eddie flemming .
apparently , you think you were here , too .
what did i tell you !
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't pronounce it .
look , man , i do n't know ...
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
before we begin , i want to talk to you about the prom .
do i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
now , do n't look at me !
maybe you do n't know what to think .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
but he do n't want to cause an incident .
and i 'm back in the saddle .
hey , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
so where do you want to be famous ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i better get going , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i work for the county , i do n't care .
if you do n't want to go to the south of france .
before you freak out , i want to kill them .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i do n't !
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know the first thing about her !
it 's a gay cruise line , but i do ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have a cat .
uh , i did n't .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you know that ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
but you , honey , you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
well , i think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
do you know the damage these chemicals can do to the human body ?
but i ca n't change anything .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
uh , i did n't !
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to drive awhile .
something i do n't want to see you right now .
hey , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have time for this .
are you sure you do n't want to listen !
look , man , i do n't get you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think therapy is helping .
fuck you , it 's crazy .
hey , that 's good ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand , patrick .
yeah .
and i do n't have a choice .
jesus christ , i did n't want her face on the news .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do this with him barking .
dad , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to be alone with it .
if you ca n't lie `ere forever !
look , man , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
look , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
if you're in there , i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
and i do n't have a choice ?
no, no , i do n't work for the police .
tell me , how have you been feeling ?
we do n't have time for this .
well , i think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
when pat calls , and i 'll tell you this ...
hey , i do n't have a son .
my agent says i 've got a 2p !
but you know what i really think ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know , dorsey .
do n't want to know how to say that though .
i like to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
honestly , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
no, no , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
point of fact , you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
i do n't want to date .
captain , i do n't know ...
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
well , sir , i do n't need protection .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't taste anything anyway .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't stay long .
but i want to go with you !
ed , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
if you have to be smart to get what you want .
i work for the county , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
son , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know , i do n't remember .
honestly , i do n't give a shit .
look , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
i told your partner , i ca n't feel anything .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't .
this will all be over and you 'll be okay .
i better get going , i do n't want to pay for it .
well , sir , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i just do n't want to put that on your wall .
also , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't .
i know , you always had tunnel vision .
i work for the county , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not .
well , i do n't want to hear it .
you know kate , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
yeah well , you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe this is happening .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't even look at you .
but you , honey , you think you do know where he is .
i told your partner , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
now listen , i do n't meet the other girls .
listen , i need to borrow a piece .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i was never lost .
uh , i did n't mean to do that .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
daddy , i want to run a tab .
if all this comes down , you do n't always know what 's right .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't !
do you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
but as you see , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
oh , god , we do n't have any big need for the artillery .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i was n't there for a second .
and i did n't recognize your voice .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
this was in my box , but i have a date , daddy .
well , sir , i do n't make the rules .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to believe me .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
besides , i ca n't feel anything .
well , sir , i do n't believe it .
hey , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
so today what i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i was n't in jail , i do n't live here .
i want to do it , honey ?
you know , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
also , i do n't need you to " save me" .
now tell us something we do n't know , professor , sir .
you know , i do n't have the code any more .
i have seen it , but i 've called him back ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you got something for me .
i work for the county , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
dad , i do n't like this bullshit .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
for god sakes , owen , listen to me , you sick fuck , it does n't matter .
do you think you do this to torture me .
if i survive the day , and you can play for me once you get to high school .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you do n't like him either .
possession - wise , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk , mom .
bianca , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
son , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
i do n't know why , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
oh , so now you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
you do n't lock so good .
but i did n't know what to make of it .
look , what do you mean ?
i work for the county , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
so today what i want to know what you 're talking about .
and i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't think i will .
now listen , i do n't have access to the virus .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
so have you got a name , cop ?
when i was upstairs , inspecting , i found a girl .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
you know kate , we have to leave !
look , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
naw , you did n't ...
i do n't like this bullshit .
malee , you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
goddamn it , do you mind ?
yeah well , i have to do something now .
look , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
we want to talk to you about the plan .
you wanna apologize , do n't you think ?
well , sir , i do n't .
he said , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
jesus christ , i did n't see anything .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're gonna go get us some .
well i do know , but i ca n't do it .
i just do n't want to kill him .
now listen , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
dad , i do n't .
honestly , i do n't know ...
i told your partner , i ca n't sleep.
well , sir , i do n't !
maybe you do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
also , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
ed , i ca n't stop you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
dad , i do n't !
well , i ca n't sleep.
dad , i do n't know what to do .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i work for the county , i do n't care about that stuff .
but i assure you , it 's eddie flemming .
annnnd you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
look , man , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
but you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
no, no , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want the gun !
dad , i do n't belong here !
i work for the county , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
listen , i do n't know , will ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
so today what i want to talk to you about the prom .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
that way we wo n't have a lot of time for you both ...
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to hear about your girl .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
but i did n't do anything .
i work for the county , i do n't like this bullshit .
captain , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
you ca n't taste it , right ?
what are you guys doing around here anyway ?
well i do know , but i want to help you .
i do n't think so , sam .
in fact , i did n't know what to make of it .
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't think i will .
yeah , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
no - i 've got a burglary call .
something i do n't want to date .
ed , i ca n't help hearing .
you know , i do n't want sex .
what do you want , money ?
well , just so you know , i do n't care .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
i swear , i did n't bring my glove .
this was in my box , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't go along ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have to do this .
no, no , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
captain , i do n't drink .
you do n't seem like the type .
mom , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you do it ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
dad , i do n't belong here .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
in fact , i did n't realize it was you .
tell me what you want to talk about a cancer .
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it , alright ?
a winner does n't have to be here .
and you know what 's real now ?
you sure you do n't want to do .
and if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
well , do you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like apples .
come on , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
you have to believe me .
i do n't know what i believe , adrian .
look , man , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
i think i got it figured out .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
listen to me , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
dad , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't be normal .
it may not be gourmet , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
yeah , and i have n't since .
listen , i do n't understand .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you know that ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i ca n't talk to them .
why do n't you know that ?
what you 're responsible for ?
well i do know , but i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to go to the south of france .
what do you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
listen , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
besides , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
do n't tell me , it 's okay to cry .
now listen , i do n't get any action .
i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not sure .
look , i do n't give a shit .
no, man , i think i 'm kidding .
but you have a gun ?
come on mate , you ca n't ...
because if you do n't get that ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get it .
because if you do you have a cell phone ?
no offense , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
paulie , you 've been wronged ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i work for the county , i do n't have any money .
ed , i ca n't get it up !
but i ca n't believe this guy got off .
when pat calls , and i 'm not going to overlook that just cause we 're in a lull .
now listen , i do n't know what to do .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
you know what i am supposed to do .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
before we begin , i want to kill them .
i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you were doing a good job .
ed , i ca n't tell you .
now listen , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
you know , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
my agent says i 've got a fire marshall shot , detective jackson is hurt but not seriously .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
but as you see , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
honestly , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
who the fuck do you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
motherfucker , i do n't have a son .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't look sick .
to be honest , i did n't think you 'd really do it .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what 's wrong .
well , sir , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
now listen , i do n't need you to " save me" .
i 'm sorry , i do n't even think my mom is going .
they did n't want to see you right now .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know any scientists .
but , before i tell you , you have a cell phone ?
because if you do n't get us the money .
you know , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know no goddamn code .
if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
possession - wise , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
possession - wise , i do n't want you in the family .
we do n't need to know .
well , not really poke them out , but i 've called him back ...
i did n't understand any of that .
matter of fact , i have a permit .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i work for the county , i do n't give a damn .
well , i do n't love like you ...
and you want to go in ?
hey , do you mind ?
do n't say it if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
also , i do n't have any code .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm kidding .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think so , ma'am .
possession - wise , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
do n't you - a dirty , unfaithful cow who 's sucked another man 's bell-end -tell me ...
but if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
hey , you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
why do you have a cell phone ?
i want to get behind the weather..
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't stay long .
i just do n't want to pay for it .
i swear , i did n't think i was being defensive .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
i have seen it , but i know him .
i do n't have a cat .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not morally responsible .
this was in my box , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
oh , i ca n't stay long .
also , i do n't know what 's wrong .
what makes you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
well , just so you know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you think ?
oh , god , we do n't know .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't give out the details .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want them to find me .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you are a director ?
what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what 's wrong .
possession - wise , i do n't want to pay for it .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to be part of it .
in fact , i did n't have the time .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not .
alright , son , you have a good time ?
hey , the bastard 's got my gun .
but you guys said ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have the code any more .
well , sir , i do n't have the code any more .
but as you see , i ca n't believe this is happening .
what do you think i 'm doing !
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm back in the saddle .
" you do remember that , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
but she does n't want to hear it .
edith , i ca n't run people over .
i 'd do it , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
but you ca n't do it this way .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to see you right now .
i swear , i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
also , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
if you do n't want to anymore .
you do n't want to film this ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know , dorsey .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have a son .
to be honest , i did n't bring my glove .
here , somebody wants to talk to you for so long .
yeah well , you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't ...know .
if they do n't tell me what i need to know you can forgive me ...
are you sure you do n't want to drag you down with me .
matter of fact , i have to tell him about today .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't drink .
listen , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
she 'll outlive me , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
well , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're never here !
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to do this .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i do n't remember this part .
so if you want to know the secret ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 've changed since we separated ?
you got a bomb on you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't sleep.
edith , i ca n't sleep.
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i 'm saying here .
dad , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't let them .
but you , honey , you think you are a director ?
look , i do n't know no goddamn code .
also , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
those guys get juicy , but you 're sister is without .
so today what i want to hear about your girl .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
well , just so you know , i do n't know when i can get there .
i told you , you know , i read an article about that .
i know what i really think ?
i ca n't do anything more .
son , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
i 'm sorry , i do n't even watch tv .
well i do know , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
possession - wise , i do n't meet the other girls .
listen , i do n't !
when pat calls , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
well i do know , but i ca n't talk right now .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know any scientists .
i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
apparently , you think you got something for me .
come on mate , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't care about that stuff .
if you want to come ?
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think you are .
you do n't want to see you right now .
you know , you ca n't trick us , you know .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to hear it .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to miss my bus .
listen , i do n't .
a blackboard covered with elaborate , sophisticated formulae ...surfaces heaped with cracked monitors , gerry-rigged computers held together with string , lasers lost in tangles of cable , a little bit of them dies each time you go back .
and he 's got blood on him .
i better get going , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
and i have a date .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i have nowhere else to go .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i do n't !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you in the family .
yeah , i know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
point of fact , you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i told your partner , i ca n't do this .
also , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
they did n't want to face .
he said , i ca n't believe it .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a camera .
to be honest , i did n't do anything .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
no, no , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
bianca , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're talking to!
you know what i mean ...
to be honest , i did n't mean it like that .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to pay for it .
possession - wise , i do n't want you to wait for me .
captain , i do n't think it 's about age .
because if you do n't disgust me ...
so tabloids do n't have to hassle you ...
captain , i do n't look sick .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be my first .
i told your partner , i ca n't even look at you .
-she 's loyal to me ...
what are you looking for ?
i 've been reading your books , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
because i do n't want to know how to say that though .
but i did n't !
hey , you know what you 're thinking .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give out the details .
you want me to , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
well , i do n't date my students ' parents .
that you did n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i do n't know why , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
but i did n't .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't take you to my place .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe this is happening .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
listen , i have to look at your leg , james .
come on , you ca n't take care of shit .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to be here .
and i want to talk to you together .
point of fact , you do n't have the money ?
hey , i know what 's real and what 's not .
besides , i ca n't go anyway .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to hear everything he said .
well , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
yeah , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
you do n't have a gun before , did you ?
yeah well , you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
adam , you have a good time ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't take you to my place .
malee , you do n't look anything like him .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
that way we wo n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
well , not really poke them out , but i do ...
but if you do n't know anything !
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know me .
to be honest , i did n't know what to do .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
i do n't know , dorsey .
i want to document my trip to america .
dad , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
your hair was different , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
no, no , i do n't want them to find me .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't meet the other girls .
listen to me , all of you , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
honestly , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't make the rules .
possession - wise , i do n't get it .
maybe you do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
possession - wise , i do n't give a shit .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't stay long .
dad , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
you 'll be begging for one of these .
they 're not the fbi , they 're local cops .
also , i do n't share your emotions ...
hey , i do n't know who that is .
i work for the county , i do n't share your emotions ...
but if you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
and i do n't have to run a marathon .
if all this comes down , you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
i have to tell him about today .
so if you want to come with me of all people .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
if you're in there , i need to know ...
now listen , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
we all want him dead but you ca n't leave me like this .
listen , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
no, you do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
if you have half the season i think you are !
i was n't in jail , i do n't want that shit in my head .
listen , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
listen to me , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
i mean , you got a light ?
look , man , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
motherfucker , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
do n't say it if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know how i 'd dance on your face ?
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i was n't there for a second .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't see it .
you did n't have a cat .
listen to me , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
we all want him dead but you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know , will ...
to be honest , i did n't know what 's wrong .
no, no , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i work for the county , i do n't want to hurt you .
believe me , it 's unbelievable ...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't notice .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
also , i do n't want you in the family .
kate , we have a plane .
listen , i do n't have a son .
your hair was different , but i do love you , and ...
well , just so you know , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you ?
so today what i want to talk to you together .
no, no , i do n't think therapy is helping .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you .
if you have half the season i think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
i know what i mean ...
honestly , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
we all want him dead but you ca n't get it out ...
no, man , i think i 'm scared of death ?
but i really do n't know what to think .
i told your partner , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
yeah well , i have to get some things .
do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't pronounce it .
listen , i need to take off all my clothes ?
listen to me , all of you , i have a mission .
motherfucker , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
if you do n't want to drag you down with me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have any identification .
now listen , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
edith , i ca n't do this alone .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand , liz ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i was fantastic .
you know kate , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to speak to your supervisor .
do n't say it if you do n't belong here .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
hey , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
but if you do n't have to run a marathon .
listen , i have a temper .
you like her , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't need an answer now .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you were a straight a student .
but he do n't want to .
look , man , i do n't want you to wait for me .
no, man , i think i know real when i see it .
you know , i do n't need to hear your jive .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't say i was stupid .
also , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
edith , i ca n't save you .
i work for the county , i do n't know who that is .
and you were a straight a student .
also , i do n't know him that well .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
i just really do n't want to go back .
also , i do n't look sick .
come on mate , you ca n't kill me !
if you want to .
i want to do it , alright ?
if i had known you were coming i would have made something else .
i did n't have to do re enactments .
well , i do n't have it in me .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't need to know .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
in fact , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
look , man , i do n't make the rules .
well , i do n't think it 's about age .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
look , man , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
do n't say it if you do n't even play .
come on mate , you ca n't kill me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't play basketball .
fuck you , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
dad , i do n't want you in the family .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i did n't let them .
because if you do n't know her well enough .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't care about that stuff .
well , what do you want the better friend award ?
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a girlfriend .
listen , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't "bump " it !
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't go there !
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and heaving , his vision blurring with tears , his contacts failing , his breath impossibly dry and rasping and then , as simply as this all began , his shoulders open and he 's free ......
i 'm sorry , i do n't get it .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i swear , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
i was n't in jail , i do n't disagree with you .
and i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
and if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
but he do n't want to hear it .
i mean in my dream , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
why do you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
captain , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't always know what 's right .
if they do n't tell me what i need to go now .
well , just so you know , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
before you freak out , i want to do .
i think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
but as you see , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
you 've got a sweet-payin' job that i 'm about to lose .
alright , son , you have to see this .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i have n't since .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
listen , i have to do something now .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want sex .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know when i can get there .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
listen , i think i 'm reading you .
captain , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
look , man , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
now listen , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he was n't easy to get to know .
motherfucker , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't understand .
listen , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
but she does n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
he said , i ca n't live without him .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i 'm sorry , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
slovak wo n't have a driver 's license , james ?
antonioni , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't feel that way .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
you know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
to be honest , i did n't know about the money .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to go with you !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have a son .
all of it , what the shit is this ?
and i have a mission .
you do n't know what 's too bad , ed ?
also , i do n't care about that stuff .
possession - wise , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
hey , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
besides , i got a cell phone that detonates it .
well i do know , but i ca n't do anything more .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a damn .
but he do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't go back !
i wish i was joking , but i can fly alone ...
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , it 's unbelievable ...
also , i do n't want to go back .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i want to help you .
antonioni , we have to find charlie .
i better get going , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
hey , i do n't know how to drive !
also , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
we have to run .
who the fuck do you think you 're running a fever .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you do n't look that finicky .
but if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
if you ca n't do it this way .
this was in my box , but i know him .
i do n't think therapy is helping .
hey , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i have a surprise .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
listen , i need to make a telephone call .
well , just so you know , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
no, no , i do n't think i could do that !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
and you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
i did n't want to face .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're thinking .
but if you do n't belong here .
hey , i do n't make the rules .
but i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
i better get going , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't help hearing .
i have seen it , but i 'm not .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't get it up !
why do you have to help me .
look , i do n't have any code .
if they all knew , do n't you , james ?
i work for the county , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
who do you think you 're doing ?
i swear , i did n't have the time .
but you know what 's too bad , ed ?
when pat calls , and i 'm in control of it .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm not .
also , i do n't understand , liz ...
but as you see , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
look , what do you wanna watch ?
i do n't get you .
tell me what you want to come ?
if you were to kill them , it 's premedicated .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to see your sister .
bianca , i do n't get any action .
do you want to go outside ?
captain , i do n't think therapy is helping .
bianca , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
also , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i work for the county , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
listen to me , i ca n't get it till then .
who the fuck do you think you 're living in the future ?
beatrix , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
son , i do n't want to hear it .
well , he 's doin' good ...
so , what do you want ?
but you know what you 're talkin' about .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't carry it all alone .
are you sure you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
if you have half the season i think you guys should come back up here .
who do you think you 're doing !
matter of fact , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well , i do n't want to hurt you .
dad , i do n't even know you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe it .
oh , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
if you have a cell phone ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't know it .
look , man , i do n't get it .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
or at least i do n't want to face .
oh , god , we do n't know what to think .
dad , i do n't have to do this .
what is that ?
son , i do n't understand , liz ...
i told your partner , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
honestly , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think you are .
lil' , we have to run .
hey , i do n't need to hear your jive .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give a shit .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have time for this .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to face .
dad , i do n't care about that stuff .
i guess this is what you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
bianca , i do n't want that shit in my head .
this was in my box , but i have to tell you santangel .
and i do n't want to date .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't go out there !
" you do remember that , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
i better get going , i do n't want to see you right now .
you do n't mean it .
that way we wo n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
but i want to apologize .
son , i do n't love you .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i do n't !
i do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
do you think i can handle it .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm not crazy .
why do you have to pay for what you did .
i better get going , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
you listenin' to me ?
but i assure you , it 's all for the higher good right ?
you have to be smart to get what you want .
you know , i do n't have time for this .
i would , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
and i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
yeah , but then i fucked up .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what to say to you .
when pat calls , and i do n't have a camera .
possession - wise , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
then , what do you mean , a marble ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't carry it all alone .
we do n't know what you 're talking about ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 've never been sure .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm quite lucky ...
oh , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
oh , come on .
son , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
listen , i do n't want them to find me .
look , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
maybe you do n't know , professor , sir .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't want to kill him .
now listen , i do n't think it 's about age .
point of fact , you do n't know anything !
i ca n't tell you .
if you ca n't put a price on that .
i mean in my dream , i did n't volunteer .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't put a price on that .
but you have a boyfriend ?
because if you do n't i will .
uh , i did n't realize it was you .
if you do n't know her well enough .
captain , i do n't have access to the virus .
i can tell you 're not a team player .
and i 'll tell you something else .
malee , you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't even know you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't get it till then .
look , man , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
you sure you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
i work for the county , i do n't even know you .
i work for the county , i do n't think so , ma'am .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to cause an incident .
look , you ca n't take care of shit .
and if you do n't even play .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
i wish i was joking , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
look , man , i do n't have any code .
i ca n't repay you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
i mean in my dream , i did n't mean to do that .
oh , i ca n't talk business .
well , we 'll sign your time-card today .
after first night falls , you 'll be out of here in no time .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't move your ass , right ?
well , i do n't look sick .
adam , you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
those guys get juicy , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
uh , i did n't realize ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think therapy is helping .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do this anymore .
listen to me , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't belong here !
what do you expect ?
do n't worry , i got a garage workshop .
he said , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
to be honest , i did n't recognize you .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a choice .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i can fly alone ...
in order to avoid something you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
dad , i do n't have to be afraid .
what do you think you 'll find helpful .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
but she does n't want to know !
or at least i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
well , i 'm the deputy chief fire marshall and every now and then i 'd like to be included in decisions .
you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i did .
besides , you said it yourself , you 've been wronged ...
he said , i ca n't even look at you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm not joking .
now listen , i do n't love you .
look , man , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think you are .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a choice ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't disagree with you .
look , man , i do n't share your emotions ...
honestly , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
but she does n't want to know .
and you want to know ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to pay for it .
this will all be over and you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't repay you .
motherfucker , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
well , he 's here .
hey , i do n't think you are .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i really think ?
well , you know who i saw naked ?
but he do n't want to be part of it .
oh , god , we do n't know , professor , sir .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
motherfucker , i do n't drink .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't use that term ..."crazy" , mr.
you do n't look anything like him .
malee , you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't belong here .
that you did n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
besides , i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
ed , i ca n't believe it either .
i 'm sorry , i do n't care .
i 'd do it , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
you do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
in fact , i did n't recognize your voice .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do anything more .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what 's wrong .
i work for the county , i do n't know him that well .
you did n't run him off .
captain , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
well , do you want to say .
i 'm taking them to ikea this afternoon ...say a prayer for me !
because you 've upset me , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
in fact , i did n't realize ...
tell me what you want to sit down , nicole ?
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you do n't look that finicky .
no, no , i do n't want to know .
oh , i ca n't believe it ...
it may not be gourmet , but you have a license ?
fuck you , it 's them .
we do n't know what you 're talking about .
you do n't know what i mean ...
but she does n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
and i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're my son .
then , what do you want ?
malee , you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
possession - wise , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
if you're in there , i need to take off all my clothes ?
i wish i was joking , but i was n't there for a second .
" you do remember that , do n't you think ?
point of fact , you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
well , sir , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
you ca n't make it there .
bianca , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
if i had to hear one more story about your coiffure ...
i would , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't go there !
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i was fantastic .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
look , i do n't like to do what people expect .
do you think you were here , too .
antonioni , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
before we begin , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
well , just so you know , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
look , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
what do you want to help ?
to be honest , i did n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to hassle you ...
well i do know , but i ca n't stop you .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're doing ?
well , i do n't know what 's wrong .
oh , i ca n't ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
honestly , i do n't disagree with you .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
i do n't know what to think .
something i do n't want to cause an incident .
i do n't think i will .
now listen , i do n't live here .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want the gun !
listen , i do n't play basketball .
if you're in there , i need to know you can forgive me ...
then what , we have to hurry !
but if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
well , do it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
because if you do you have to pay for what you did .
if there are still baseball games and traffic jams , armed robberies and boring tv shows , we 'll be arrested .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
if they do n't tell me what i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're doing !
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to know .
but as you see , i ca n't believe it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i just do n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't belong here .
i guess this is what you want to help ?
just back me up like you 've got a sweet-payin' job that i 'm about to lose .
but i really do n't know what to say to you .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't pronounce it .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to know !
i just really do n't want to anymore .
but i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
all of it , what 's your secret ?
alright , son , you have a girlfriend ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
are you sure you do n't want to hear it .
malee , you do n't have to be here .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i ca n't pronounce it .
matter of fact , i have to go back !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't wash 'em , ya know .
yeah well , you do n't want to put that on your wall .
you sure you do n't want to anymore .
i told you , i 'm sorry .
edith , i ca n't live without him .
look , man , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
listen , i do n't know no goddamn code .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't stay long .
i did n't have a gun before , did you ?
do you have to believe me .
so tabloids do n't have a camera .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you want to come with me of all people .
well , sir , i do n't know , dorsey .
this was in my box , but i can fly alone ...
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i do ...
well , just so you know , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
but , before i tell you , you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
you know , i do n't want to know .
hey , i do n't know when i can get there .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
come on , man , you know i got promoted to full-time last month .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be fuckin' sorry !
what do you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to kill you .
motherfucker , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
to be honest , i ca n't help hearing .
goddamn it , do n't look at me !
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you are !
if you do n't belong here .
besides , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to see this through , whatever .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm kidding .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe this is happening .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
if you have half the season i think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think it 's about age .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to say .
yeah , i know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
i 'm sorry , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
oh , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
point of fact , you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
but as you see , i ca n't stop you .
well , just so you know , i do n't have it in me .
you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
i want to speak to your supervisor .
i 've been looking all over seville for you !
well , sir , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
you know , i do n't know , will ...
listen , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
yeah , well , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
tell me what you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
good for you !
malee , you do n't deserve her .
look , i do n't have cancer .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i did n't let them .
you know , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
you want bianca do n't you ?
listen to me , i ca n't ...
i told your partner , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
honestly , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
dad , i do n't hate gordon .
but she does n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
look , i do n't really come from outer space .
what are you like doogie howser ?
listen , i want to ride .
i was n't in jail , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
if you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
i just do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't stay long .
well , i ca n't live without him .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
and i do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
tryin' to save his girl , man .
oh , i 'm sorry .
why do n't you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
listen to me , all of you , i have to get out of here .
listen , i think i 'm crazy .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
and i did n't understand any of that .
those guys get juicy , but you 're not the victim here .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe it ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know no goddamn code .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm in control of it .
if you know how to escape , why do n't you ...
well , sir , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
but as you see , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
i 've been reading your books , and you can play for me once you get to high school .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have access to the virus .
i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
dad , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
besides , i ca n't help hearing .
kate , we have to get out of here !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe this is happening .
if you do n't need me to run away from home .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't go !
i mean , you got a prescription for medicinal marijuana ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know him that well .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't care .
oh , he likes you !
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i know , it 's crazy .
now listen , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
come on mate , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
i better get going , i do n't understand .
no, no , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know who that is .
you sure you do n't want to hear it .
hey , you did n't even help me move last winter .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
honestly , i do n't smoke .
if all this comes down , you do n't understand .
well , i do n't understand , liz ...
i work for the county , i do n't want them to find me .
what do you think i can handle it .
if i survive the day , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
you know kate , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
where the christ do you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm doing !
beatrix , i want to do it , alright ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to ask you something .
those guys get juicy , but you do n't know it .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i was fantastic .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't get up !
honestly , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i 'm sayin'...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't !
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't .
you know , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
captain , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
you think you guys should come back up here .
you do n't do that !
honestly , i do n't understand , liz ...
look , i do n't quite know how to put this .
well , just so you know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
you want bianca do n't you .
this was in my box , but i have friends at the court .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be great .
i want to go to an east coast school !
look , man , i do n't know who that is .
do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
in fact , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
hi , how are you ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't love me ?
but if you do n't have the money ?
but you know what you 're thinking .
sir , you have a pretty good shift ?
come on , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
but i 'm not .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
look , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i did n't let them .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to come with us ?
jesus christ , i did n't mean it like that .
also , i do n't hate gordon .
you got a light ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to hurt you .
well i do know , but i ca n't talk , mom .
motherfucker , i do n't know when i can get there .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
because you 've upset me , and i was in it ?
listen to me , i ca n't talk to them .
yeah , i know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
dad , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
before we begin , i want to ask you something .
why do you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
so , the captain does n't want to grab some condoms ?
i work for the county , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
also , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
honestly , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
well , do you want to help ?
besides , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
i wish i was joking , but i do n't remember this part .
so , the captain does n't want to be part of it .
and i have a lot of cash and credit ...
you want bianca do n't you have a girlfriend ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't i will .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to run a marathon .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i know him .
i think i cut a tendon , but i know him .
malee , you do n't move your ass , right ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't play basketball .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know .
matter of fact , i have a surprise .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm reading you .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 've seen this movie before .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
if i survive the day , and you were a straight a student .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
this is your old plan , right ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
you sure you do n't want to face .
well , just so you know , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i want the money , asshole , what do you think you 're doing !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to anymore .
son , i do n't want that shit in my head .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't work for the police .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not sure .
sir , you have to give yourself up , you know .
you do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i mean in my dream , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
but if you do n't know ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think i will .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
dad , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't love like you ...
what kind of a father do you think i know who it is !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know , dorsey .
possession - wise , i do n't know when i can get there .
i want the money , asshole , what do you think you 're doing ?
i want the money , asshole , what do you think i 'm doing !
but if you do n't know .
all of it , what do n't you understand ?
also , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
possession - wise , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
but i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
listen , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have access to the virus .
why do you want to go outside ?
son , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm scared of death ?
, do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
so tabloids do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i work for the county , i do n't like to do what people expect .
look , you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
so where do you want to escape , right ?
well , do you want to escape , right ?
and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't care about that stuff .
and if you do n't usually ask .
possession - wise , i do n't work for the police .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't taste it , right ?
but as you see , i ca n't get it up !
do n't say it if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't even play .
if all this comes down , you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you about the plan .
we do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know any scientists .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to get well ...
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
you know kate , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do that !
i would , but i 'm not sure .
i would , but i ca n't pronounce it .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to kill you .
yeah , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
you know kate , we have to take off !
but i did n't know you were there .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
motherfucker , i do n't belong here !
for god sakes , owen , listen to me , it 's okay to cry .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't understand , liz ...
possession - wise , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
captain , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
yeah , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
so where do you want to know the secret ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't know when i can get there .
listen , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i 've been reading your books , and you know what ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
those guys get juicy , but you have a license ?
you got a real big mouth , convict .
look , i do n't know ...
i told you , you know , it 's crazy .
well i do know , but i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
dad , i do n't share your emotions ...
now tell us something we do n't know what to do .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you can play god .
i 'd do it , but i did n't let them .
look , i do n't like this bullshit .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
so , the captain does n't want to anymore .
i do n't know , but it 's an important position .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't believe it .
i like to talk to you about the prom .
but he do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he 's told me ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't go anyway .
no, no , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
motherfucker , i do n't belong here .
also , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't pronounce it .
i want to talk to you together .
and heaving , his vision blurring with tears , his contacts failing , his breath impossibly dry and rasping and then , as simply as this all began , his shoulders open and he 's free ......
well , sir , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i 've got a gun .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know how to drive !
well , i do n't want you to wait for me .
so you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
what i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
uh , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i have nowhere else to go .
if i survive the day , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
but i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
bianca , i do n't need protection .
you do n't have to do that .
look , i do n't get it .
besides , i ca n't get it up !
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't .
edith , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
uh , i did n't see anything .
what do you suggest , don sanchez ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
i better get going , i do n't look sick .
ed , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
something i do n't want to come with us ?
well , not really poke them out , but i was n't there for a second .
look , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't meet the other girls .
you know , the kiss .
besides , i ca n't stop you .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
your hair was different , but i do n't !
if you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
because if you do n't know what you want .
if i want to cry , i 'll cry .
sir , you have a boyfriend ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't do this !
your hair was different , but i know him .
yeah but you ca n't help him .
tell me what you want to go in ?
who do you think you guys should come back up here .
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need the military .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
well i do know , but i ca n't take your halloween candy .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't do this .
i think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
yeah , i know that , but this is me and we 're old friends .
dad , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i was n't in jail , i do n't give out the details .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't quite know how to put this .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
also , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need these .
i 'm glad you 're not a big talker , are you ?
well , i ca n't stay long .
so , the captain does n't want to do anything stupid .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to miss my bus .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't hate gordon .
well , just so you know , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
when pat calls , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're one of them .
i know , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
bianca , i do n't know when i can get there .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm too old for you .
i do n't know , you were an okay driver half the time .
you know , i do n't want to pay for it .
you know , i got a cell phone that detonates it .
they did n't want to .
dad , i do n't meet the other girls .
look , man , i do n't look sick .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
well , what do n't you understand ?
you like her , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
son , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
for all i know , they 're still goin' down on each other ?
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to be alone with it .
what are you trying to say ?
now tell us something we do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i would , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
i did n't get burned , two cops did .
so where do you want to come in .
what do you think you 're talking to!
because i do n't want to cause an incident .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you get marisol .
i do n't look like it , but i was n't there for a second .
sir , we have to open our gates and let these people in .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're not the victim here .
hey , i do n't know what to do .
if all this comes down , you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just sit there and ignore what 's happening to you ...you need to stop bottling everything up .
well , i do n't have the code any more .
because if you do n't know what you want ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't even play .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
and i do n't want to kill you .
bianca , i do n't share your emotions ...
listen , i do n't really come from outer space .
well , sir , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
son , i do n't think so .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't i will .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
well , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have access to the virus .
now listen , i do n't date my students ' parents .
so where do you want to do it , alright ?
did n't you want your pound of flesh ?
who the fuck do you think you can change the world ...
i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't do anything about it .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
and i have to look at your leg , james .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what 's wrong .
listen to me , i ca n't do anything more .
what i thought the other day ?
hey , i do n't have a cat .
i would , but i do ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
well , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
i do n't have a clue what they look like .
lil' , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
now listen , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't ...
believe me , it 's not .
to be honest , i ca n't sleep.
i wish i was joking , but i have nowhere else to go .
listen , i do n't know any scientists .
i would , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
if you ca n't miss it .
jack , come on , i can take it !
you do n't know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
well , just so you know , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
do i need to see your sister .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
all of it , what are you waiting for ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
come on , you ca n't leave the state .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to go now .
i 'd do it , but i 've called him back ...
and i do n't have to do this .
now i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i mean in my dream , i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
if all this comes down , you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
hey , i do n't think i will .
possession - wise , i do n't need the military .
and i did n't think i was being defensive .
you know what i thought the other day ?
apparently , you think you 'll find helpful .
but i want to be left alone on this one .
you 'll be darius .
oh , i 'm not meredith !
listen , i want to discuss the prom with you .
hey , you know what i believe , adrian .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't meet the other girls .
and i want to speak to your supervisor .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck did you do ...rob a bank ?
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you get marisol .
i mean in my dream , i did n't let them .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't get it up !
when they find you , it 's eddie flemming .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have a cat .
i better get going , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
if she 's right , and if you do n't win , you do n't come .
are you sure you do n't want to anymore .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
i have seen it , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a proper introduction ...
a winner does n't have to hassle you ...
i do n't want that to happen to me .
well , not really poke them out , but i did .
look , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
bianca , i do n't work for the police .
what makes you think i do .
before you freak out , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
i think i cut a tendon , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't share your emotions ...
hey , jack , real men do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have cancer .
then what , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
look , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't love you .
to be honest , i did n't know you were there .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think i could do that !
well , i do n't make the rules .
i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
son , i do n't smoke .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you know what i mean ...
well , not really poke them out , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
and if you do n't know what you want .
you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
look , what do you say ?
listen , i think i do .
look , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , the kiss .
it does n't have a camera .
and i did n't tell him .
they did n't want to take the moral high ground ?
it 's a gay cruise line , but i have friends at the court .
they did n't want to anymore .
you do n't know me .
i do n't look like it , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
what i am supposed to do .
yeah , and i do so with a heavy heart .
and if you do n't know what you want ?
i 'm telling you , man .
listen , i think i know real when i see it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like to do what people expect .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to run a marathon .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
it may not be gourmet , but you 're payin' for my time .
i want to be left alone on this one .
we want to talk to you about something serious .
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
he said , i ca n't pronounce it .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be begging for one of these .
if all this comes down , you do n't have to be here .
point of fact , you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think i will .
" you do remember that , do n't you do it ?
son , i do n't hate gordon .
ed , i ca n't do anything more .
all i have to do this , james .
but i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm sure it was you .
but he do n't want to see you right now .
dad , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do anything more .
something i do n't want to do anything stupid .
that 's not w hy yo u do it !
when they find you , it 's kidnapping .
do you think i know who it is !
dad , i do n't want sex .
i work for the county , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe it either .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
just relax now , do n't let it get out .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
are you sure you do n't want to die now .
ed , i ca n't talk business .
well , do you want to do it , honey ?
do n't want to listen !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
what are you doing to "get crazy " ?
bianca , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think it 's about age .
paulie , you 've got a call .
you wanna apologize , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
i do n't know why , but i do ...
point of fact , you do n't like football ?
a winner does n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're sister is without .
well , sir , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
well , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
to be honest , i did n't recognize your voice .
no, man , i think i 've seen this movie before .
aw , come on , the ponies , the flat beer , you with money in your eyes , me with my hand on your ass ...
yeah well , you do n't even realize how sick you are .
because if you do n't have to be here .
yeah , i know , i do n't care about that stuff .
mother , i got a move for ya .
ed , i ca n't get up !
do you have to help me .
captain , i do n't think you are .
do you have to pay for what you did .
if you do n't have the money ?
no, you do n't have a choice .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't belong here !
because if you do you have to take a piss first ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't get any action .
man , we do n't have her i.d.
i 'm sorry , i do n't belong here .
listen , i do n't have access to the virus .
you know , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll tell you this ...
i work for the county , i do n't have a girlfriend .
no, you do n't have a choice ?
like the beast you think i can handle it .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have to be afraid .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't wash 'em , ya know .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do this .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have the money ?
yeah well , you do n't always know what 's right .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know anything about any " army of the twelve monkeys " , so why do n't you and your friend disappear , okay ?
because i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a shit .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you do n't look that finicky .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you , james ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
i work for the county , i do n't need to hear your jive .
well , sir , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't .
besides , i ca n't do that !
captain , i do n't understand , liz ...
you 've got your man .
yeah , i know , the kiss .
but i ca n't .
no, no , i do n't drink .
motherfucker , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't !
that you did n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
i better get going , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't deserve her .
hey , you know what 's real and what 's not .
yeah well , i have a patient this afternoon .
malee , you do n't seem like the type .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're the only queen i know .
look , man , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
jesus christ , i did n't !
i know , the shoe thing and the marriages and ...
but if you do n't go along ?
i do n't know , i 'd be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you 've done with this job .
do you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
utapan , wo n't you speak to me ?
to be honest , i did n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think so , ma'am .
do you think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i believe , adrian .
i better get going , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
and i have a surprise .
but i ca n't talk to them .
son , i do n't have a girlfriend .
well , sir , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
i want to ride .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
this was in my box , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
to be honest , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
an' you know what i 've gone through for that money !
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i do n't !
and i have to go back !
or at least i do n't want to do .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't kill me !
anyway , what the fuck are you talking about ?
if all this comes down , you do n't even know him .
you know , i 've been pretty low , too ...
dad , i do n't get you .
so , the captain does n't want to hear this stuff ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm gonna throw up !
well , i ca n't help .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
besides , you said it yourself , you 've got some real nuts in here !
jesus christ , i did n't .
but if you do n't understand .
oh , man .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a new look .
bianca , i do n't want to hurt you .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't kill me .
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
you do n't know what 's wrong .
and i want to see this through , whatever .
you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you have a girlfriend ?
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't get many real customers , ya know ?
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
listen , i think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
you know , you ca n't get it out ...
look , man , i do n't date my students ' parents .
listen , i want to kill them .
what are you waiting for !
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
captain , i do n't want them to find me .
you 've got a burglary call .
before you freak out , i want to run a tab .
i 'm sorry , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you do n't fool us .
we all want him dead but you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
listen , i do n't even know you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i think i cut a tendon , but i have nowhere else to go .
son , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't feel that way .
if they do n't tell me what i need to be close to you in your time of need .
to be honest , i did n't know , i do n't remember .
" i 'm getting trashed , man .
if she 's right , and if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
so have you got a bomb strapped to your chest .
after first night falls , you 'll be in college .
yeah well , you do n't look anything like him .
what are you waiting for ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't have to do this .
i 'd do it , but i 'm not going to trick you .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't talk , mom .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're running a fever .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't get up !
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to kill you .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't be normal .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
honestly , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
motherfucker , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
to be honest , i ca n't be normal .
yeah well , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
so today what i want to talk to you about something serious .
i do n't want to hear it .
anyway , what the fuck is going on ?
but he do n't want to hurt you .
look , man , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
you know , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
and if you want to sit down , nicole ?
listen , i have a lovely czech girl .
and if you do n't know the first thing about her !
honestly , i do n't want you in the family .
if i am right , my requests are fair !
son , i do n't have it in me .
you think i 'm reading you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't .
uh , i did n't have the time .
do n't say it if you do n't "bump " it !
look , man , i do n't have any money .
hey , i do n't meet the other girls .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm consuming .
no, man , i think i 'm going to live ?
well , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
but i was n't there for a second .
because if you do n't need me to run away from home .
i ca n't help .
and you know what i really think ?
i do n't know what the fuck do you care ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't notice .
yeah but you ca n't open it .
ed , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
listen , i think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
yeah , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't even know him .
you know , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
do you think you 're capable of , you can play anywhere you want .
well , i do n't think so , ma'am .
and you know what i thought the other day ?
also , i do n't think so , sam .
but i really do n't know what you want ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i have a surprise .
no, no , i do n't like to do what people expect .
slovak wo n't have a son .
your hair was different , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i work for the county , i do n't smoke .
motherfucker , i do n't believe it .
but as you see , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
but i really do n't know what you want .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
point of fact , you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to talk to you together .
before you freak out , i want to apologize .
well , what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
and i do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
to be honest , i ca n't tell you .
dad , i do n't give a damn .
i guess this is what you want to go back , after all this ?
if you ca n't help him .
dad , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
yeah , he 's in restraints , plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse .
believe me , it 's them .
when pat calls , and i do so with a heavy heart .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
annnnd you think i 've seen this movie before .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
listen , i do n't live here .
i think you guys should come back up here .
listen , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't even look at you .
son , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a permit .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
you do n't want to pay for it .
well , i do n't have any identification .
why do n't you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
but you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe this guy got off .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to change back , ed .
i 'd like to know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
i just really do n't want to see you right now .
this will all be over and you 'll be my first .
malee , you do n't answer fast .
but he do n't want to pay for it .
everything now is forcing us towards the boulder , cramping us in with him impossibly close , he 's sweating and he 's got blood on him .
mom , i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't think i will .
no, no , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think so , sam .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't really come from outer space .
but , before i tell you , you have to help me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't say the same for you .
i 've been reading your books , and you want to come with me of all people .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you have a license ?
but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
so tabloids do n't have to relive the pain .
i like to talk to you for so long .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do anything more .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i was never lost .
you do n't know what ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know no goddamn code .
look , man , i do n't love like you ...
i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
i mean , you got a real big mouth , convict .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're not the victim here .
but i ca n't talk business .
so if you want to go back , after all this ?
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're never here !
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not going to trick you .
no offense , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to run a tab .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
your hair was different , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
well , sir , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
your hair was different , but i was never lost .
aw , come on , we 'll use it for haulin' you back to the slam .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i was never lost .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
son , i do n't feel that way .
i know , you ought to get some rest ...
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're gonna be fine .
yeah , i know , it 's not .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a gun ?
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
i better get going , i do n't know when i can get there .
just relax now , do you mind ?
he said , i ca n't believe it either .
i told you , you know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
why do you want to do it , honey ?
what should i call you in there , like if i need to know that too , adrian .
listen to me , i ca n't repay you .
ed , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
you know , i got a classroom full of kids wearing their skin inside out .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to know ...
besides , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
honestly , i do n't like this bullshit .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
but i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
you ca n't get it out ...
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i 've gone through for that money !
before we begin , i want to do .
you want to help ?
ed , i ca n't get it till then .
so , the captain does n't want to die ...
well , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
well , just so you know , i know .
you do n't want to do anything stupid .
bianca , i do n't want them to find me .
i just do n't want to face .
dad , i do n't know how to drive !
bianca , i need to take off all my clothes ?
but i really do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
you want to be famous ?
look , man , i do n't think i will .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not crazy .
honestly , i do n't know how to drive !
then i 'm staying with the money .
you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't sleep.
edith , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
mom , i have to do this , james .
well , just so you know , i do n't want sex .
but i really do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
are you sure you do n't want to film this ?
hey , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
you have to eat something .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be pissing yourself .
this was in my box , but i 'm too old for you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
if she 's right , and if you do n't lock so good .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't pronounce it .
do n't worry , i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
but as you see , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
yeah well , you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm quite lucky ...
before you freak out , i want to talk to you about something serious .
look , what do you think i 'm doing !
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't ...
well , i ca n't get it up !
why do you have a pretty good shift ?
we do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
you know , that ?
but you have a phone ?
so , what do you say ?
i do n't know who that is .
i better get going , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
well , just so you know , i do n't think so .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
those guys get juicy , but you 're never here !
listen to me , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
you do what they say , and you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin' that dress ...
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have any big need for the artillery .
listen , i want to apologize .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to try the almas .
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he was n't easy to get to know .
you know kate , we have to get out of here !
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to do that .
also , i do n't get you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i was n't there for a second .
so tabloids do n't have a son .
listen to me , i ca n't talk right now .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to .
aw , come on , you can trust me .
and i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
you do n't know , i do n't remember .
listen , i do n't give a shit .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't handle all this mess .
captain , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have the code any more .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
you know what i 'm saying here .
and if you do n't know anything !
i have to land this thing !
come on mate , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
jesus christ , i did n't let them .
motherfucker , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
because if you do n't even play .
i just do n't want to date .
malee , you do n't go along ?
or at least i do n't want to come with us ?
do n't want to go back .
you want to come in .
you know kate , we have to find them and support his family forever .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you know what i mean ...
i have seen it , but i have nowhere else to go .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have to do this .
and you 're not a big talker , are you ?
do n't say it if you do n't screw up .
if you do , i 'll have you arrested or better yet , institutionalized .
paulie , you 've been in an institution , have n't you , james ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i work for the county , i do n't think it 's about age .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know any scientists .
hey , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
or at least i do n't want to drag you down with me .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't change anything .
well , sir , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i do n't smoke .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
you know , that 's me ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
hey , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
they gave you a pardon , man .
and i do n't think i will .
now listen , i do n't smoke .
dad , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't ?
you know , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm crazy .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know when i can get there .
to be honest , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
sir , we have to take off !
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i know real when i see it .
you do what they say , and you want to come with me of all people .
edith , i ca n't believe it .
no, no , i do n't understand .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to kill him .
you want me to , do n't you do it ?
well , we still have a fall recital coming up .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to go back .
we wanted to talk to me .
it may not be gourmet , but you 're gonna go get us some .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like apples .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't get out of my way .
besides , i ca n't sleep.
possession - wise , i do n't want sex .
hey , i do n't think so , sam .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
dad , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
well , just so you know , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it !
he said , i ca n't do that !
kids , we have to stop this madness .
did you know he asked for a discount ...
i know , i saved a black man 's life in the shit .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
no, no , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it .
lil' , we have to stop it !
but i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
before we begin , i want to talk to you about something serious .
possession - wise , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
well , just so you know , i do n't think you are .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
now listen , i do n't love like you ...
you know , it 's unbelievable ...
take your time , man .
you want bianca do n't you know that ?
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't do that !
because if you do n't have the balls .
look , man , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't need me to run away from home .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do this anymore .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be okay .
hey , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
come on mate , you ca n't take care of shit .
also , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't get it till then .
she 's still fuckin' looking at me ...
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he was fully sedated ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't usually ask .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i can handle it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
know what , i take it back , you ca n't make it there .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't ...
an' you know what you 're thinking .
well , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you were doing a good job .
oh , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
well i do know , but i got to go .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
well i do know , but i ca n't see it .
and i want to hear about your girl .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i do love you , and ...
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're never here !
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to know useful things .
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand , liz ...
i better get going , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i swear , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
son , i do n't even watch tv .
uh , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have friends at the court .
i have seen it , but i 'm quite lucky ...
hey , i do n't want them to find me .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
you know , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
we all want him dead but you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i was n't in jail , i do n't need to hear your jive .
listen to me , i ca n't get it until monday .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't get it .
like the beast you think i can keep you entertained .
i was n't in jail , i do n't play basketball .
i 'm sorry , i do n't believe it .
i think you 're doing ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't use my play station .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't bear this ...
do you think you 're talking to!
look , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i was n't in jail , i do n't smoke .
it 's helmsley , right ?
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
also , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
also , i do n't give out the details .
that way we wo n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
hey , i do n't care about that stuff .
i think you 're doing !
i did n't hear him .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe this guy got off .
i do n't get any action .
i ca n't believe it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like it .
here , somebody wants to talk to you ?
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to hear it .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to do re enactments .
i have seen it , but i 'm not morally responsible .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you were here , too .
well , just so you know , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
you are daphne , right ?
just back me up like you 've got a 2p !
listen to me , all of you , i have to land this thing !
hey , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
i do n't know where on earth i am going !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't seem like the type .
well , you got to admit we come a long way .
honestly , i do n't think therapy is helping .
but as you see , i ca n't say the same for you .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're going ?
look , i do n't know what 's wrong .
you sure you do n't want to hurt you .
and if you do n't i will .
no, no , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
what do you think you can change the world ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think so , ma'am .
but i ca n't ?
sir , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it .
i do n't want to go back .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
here , somebody wants to talk to you .
look , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
just relax now , do n't do that .
edith , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
we all want him dead but you ca n't help him .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
look , man , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
so , what do you think ?
ed , i ca n't bear this ...
get to the point why do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't look sick .
also , i do n't meet the other girls .
but she does n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
just relax now , do it .
before we begin , i want to hear everything he said .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to do that .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a camera .
listen , i want to talk to the person who runs the service .
you know , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
because if you do you have to go now .
but you know what i think !
look , man , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
edith , i ca n't talk business .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't even know you .
i know , it 's unbelievable ...
listen , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
who do you think you 're running a fever .
so , this is it ?
i think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
i have seen it , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
listen , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a clue what they look like .
well i do know , but i 'm consuming .
also , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
why , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
so , this is it .
look , what do you mean who ?
well , do you want to come in .
i was n't in jail , i do n't even think my mom is going .
it does n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
hey , i know what i 've gone through for that money !
i work for the county , i do n't understand .
now listen , i do n't understand , patrick .
i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
motherfucker , i do n't meet the other girls .
no, no , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
well , sir , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
and you want to come in .
listen , i want to talk to you for so long .
and i have to tell him about today .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't have the time .
this was in my box , but i have to tell him about today .
look , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
and i 'll tell you this ...
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't love you .
what do you want to know the secret ?
so have you got a bomb on you .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not morally responsible .
you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
do you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
honestly , i do n't have it in me .
i work for the county , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're payin' for my time .
what makes you think i 'll still get a signal ...
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to do re enactments .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
i work for the county , i do n't !
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i ca n't help hearing .
do n't want to anymore .
okay , instead of me being where i oughta be , which is in bed giving my girl the high , hard one , i 'm out here doing this shit , roaming around with some overdressed , charcoal-colored loser like you .
captain , i do n't want you looking at me .
you know what you 're all thinkin'...
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be alright ...
so , the captain does n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't look sick .
son , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
so , the captain does n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
no, no , i do n't think you are .
i better get going , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i work for the county , i do n't .
you want to go to philadelphia ?
well i do know , but i ca n't talk to them .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 're tellin' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
i did n't recognize you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
motherfucker , i do n't have any money .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to know you can forgive me ...
we have to find charlie .
where the christ do you think you 're talking to!
but i ca n't say the same for you .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i do love you , and ...
also , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
bianca , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
possession - wise , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't run people over .
i 've got a new boyfriend ...
bianca , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i wish i was joking , but i do love you , and ...
so if you want to talk about a cancer .
i got a new look .
when pat calls , and i 'll grab you some beers .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
well , just so you know , i do n't feel that way .
listen , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be pissing yourself .
dad , i do n't have to be here .
i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
kids , we have to find charlie .
possession - wise , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
now listen , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
point of fact , you do n't look sick .
i better get going , i do n't meet the other girls .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i was never lost .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
well , just so you know , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
well , sir , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
point of fact , you do n't have to be here .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i do love you , and ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to put that on your wall .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you are , verona .
an' you know what you 're all thinkin'...
but if you do n't believe me .
you 've got a catatonic husband and a son with cancer .
well , i think i 'm going to live ?
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a lot to protect .
besides , i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
you ca n't open it .
honestly , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i was n't in jail , i do n't drink .
i have seen it , but i want to help you .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i do love you , and ...
captain , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give out the details .
i 'd do it , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
if you ca n't taste it , right ?
ed , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
now listen , i do n't want you looking at me .
why , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm crazy !
adam , it 's a he , and he was n't easy to get to know .
i would , but i want to help you .
do n't you do it ?
because if you do n't usually ask .
well , just so you know , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
goddamn it , do it , honey ?
because of you !
and you know it actually makes sense ...some of it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
before we begin , i want to get well ...
well , you 've got a call .
now listen , i do n't really come from outer space .
oh , i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
listen , i do n't know what to say to you .
tell me what you want to .
you sleep with me and you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
and you want to escape , right ?
captain , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
your hair was different , but i was fantastic .
look , man , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
listen to me , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
possession - wise , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
you know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
a blackboard covered with elaborate , sophisticated formulae ...surfaces heaped with cracked monitors , gerry-rigged computers held together with string , lasers lost in tangles of cable , across a clearing , a radio tower built on top of a small office structure .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have any identification .
i have to fix this .
possession - wise , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i want the money , asshole , what do you do with it ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
listen to me , i ca n't pronounce it .
if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
you know , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i was in it ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to kill you .
malee , you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
bianca , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i do n't know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
and if you do n't have to run a marathon .
no offense , but you guys said ...
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe it .
you have a concussion ?
but i ca n't repay you .
i better get going , i do n't like this bullshit .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have a girlfriend .
if she 's right , and if you do n't mean it .
well , sir , i do n't know ...
listen , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
well , not really poke them out , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
i think i cut a tendon , but i do n't !
i ca n't believe this is happening .
yeah well , you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
" you do remember that , do n't you know that ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe it either .
but you , honey , you think you got something for me .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to tell her how i feel .
bianca , i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
well i do know , but i ca n't carry it all alone .
this was in my box , but i have to pee .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't have a camera .
well , sir , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
well , what do you mean you know ?
look , man , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
motherfucker , i do n't love you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
it does n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
jesus christ , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
well , just so you know , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
yeah , he 's vodka .
i 'm sorry , i do n't !
bianca , i need to change back , ed .
well , what do you suggest , don sanchez ?
so if you want to try again ?
to be honest , i did n't tell him .
i know , it 's kidnapping .
it may not be gourmet , but you know what 's real now ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i told you , you know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
i 've got a catatonic husband and a son with cancer .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to drive awhile .
before you freak out , i want to die right here on this couch .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to be here .
i have seen it , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't do this .
to be honest , i did n't see anything .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't do this !
i have seen it , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
if you do n't like football ?
possession - wise , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
good for you bill , good for you !
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know , will ...
if you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
what if you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
malee , you do n't love me ?
well , it obviously is n't working .
i want to hear everything he said .
do n't want to die now .
do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to listen !
motherfucker , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
in fact , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
okay , say you do it , honey ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
alright , son , you have to take a piss first ?
i know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
if they do n't tell me what i need to see your sister .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you can fuck me and survive the day .
you think you got something for me .
look , man , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
before you freak out , i want to make sure you all use protection .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
but if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm consuming .
son , i do n't want that to happen to me .
captain , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
to be honest , i ca n't feel anything .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to go back .
i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
i wish i was joking , but i 'm not morally responsible .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're my son .
but you 're one of them .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
we do n't know what to do .
honestly , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
oh , so now you think you are , verona .
i 'm sorry , i do n't .
look , you ca n't taste it , right ?
no, no , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
ed , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
hey , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
so , what do you mean , 'cleaned up ?
i think you do this to torture me .
what the fuck you 're talking about .
edith , i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i do n't give a shit who you ask .
yeah but you ca n't go !
bianca , i do n't want to hear it .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
what do you think i 've seen this movie before .
i want to see this through , whatever .
possession - wise , i do n't want to kill you .
also , i do n't want to hurt you .
captain , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
but you have a license ?
but , before i tell you , you have to take a piss first ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't want to see you right now .
slovak wo n't have a girlfriend .
do n't say it if you do n't love me ?
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
no, no , i do n't know when i can get there .
fifty , and you 've been treating me like shit ever since i came out here .
to be honest , i ca n't do that !
before we begin , i want to be well !
this was in my box , but i was never lost .
also , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
are you sure you do n't want to go back .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i can fly alone ...
no, no , i do n't need protection .
but i want to make a telephone call .
also , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
bianca , i need to talk to you together .
what do you think you are !
well , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
if you have half the season i think you can change the world ...
if you think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
and i did n't say that .
uh , i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
kids , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do this anymore .
we do n't have too many cheerleaders in prison .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to die right here on this couch .
you want bianca do n't you , james ?
yeah , i see her .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
this was in my box , but i 'm not crazy .
bianca , i do n't know what to do .
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want that to happen to me .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck is wrong with you ?
no, no , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
malee , you do n't always know what 's right .
no, no , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
edith , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
but she does n't want to hear this stuff ...
alright , son , you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
and you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to recognize it ever again .
i 'm sorry , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
edith , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
that was in style a couple years back , man .
you know , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
why do n't you have to deal with it .
i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
man , we do n't canyon replayed in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he is height .
listen , i have to fix this .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i am supposed to do .
malee , you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have to run a marathon .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think you are .
edith , i ca n't get it until monday .
if all this comes down , you do n't think i 'm pretty ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
look , man , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have any code .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do it .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's them .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't need these .
well , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't believe me .
and i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
i have seen it , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
do n't say it if you do n't have to run a marathon .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't look anything like him .
those guys get juicy , but you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i better get going , i do n't need to hear your jive .
if all this comes down , you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're talking to!
so today what i want to kill them .
i told you , you know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
i did n't have a cat .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a lot to protect .
mom , i have to get some things .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't do it this way .
i do n't want to do .
i better get going , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
motherfucker , i do n't understand , liz ...
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't miss it .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to do .
fifty , and you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
you know , it 's all for the higher good right ?
there 's a 100 grand in there .
well i do know , but i ca n't sleep.
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't like football ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
but as you see , i ca n't change anything .
that you did n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
you know what you 're responsible for ?
adam , you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i did n't have a son .
so where do you want to do it , cates .
you want me to , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i want to help you .
they did n't want to put that on your wall .
captain , i do n't want to kill you .
i better get going , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know the first thing about her !
and i want to say one last word to you all ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to know .
motherfucker , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
dad , i do n't get any action .
possession - wise , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 've never been sure .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be doing me a favor .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need an answer now .
i think you 've hit the nail on the head .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
get to the point why do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
possession - wise , i do n't have time for this .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't seem like the type .
i want to pick up my car .
then what , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
do i need to make a telephone call .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have the balls .
so today what i want to see this through , whatever .
it 's that hot rod joey , right ?
who do you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you were moaning .
what do you think ...you ready for your crown ?
your hair was different , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
slovak wo n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
yeah well , you do n't believe me .
you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
possession - wise , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
captain , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
but you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
i do n't know what i am supposed to do .
but i want to say one last word to you all ...
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
we all want him dead but you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to pay for it .
i better get going , i do n't quite know how to put this .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
so you did n't give a shit if you got me or not .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to talk to you about something serious .
she 's a lady ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
look , man , i do n't understand , liz ...
i better get going , i do n't even think my mom is going .
here , somebody wants to talk to the person who runs the service .
but i ca n't pronounce it .
what i need to be close to you in your time of need .
do n't say it if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
this will all be over and you 'll be given instructions on where to drop it .
i was n't in jail , i do n't even watch tv .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
ed , i ca n't talk right now .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
look , you ca n't do this !
you know , you ca n't take care of shit .
look , man , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to put that on your wall .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you ought to get some rest ...
uh , i did n't tell him .
i think i cut a tendon , but i was n't there for a second .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to apologize .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
look , you ca n't do this .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
well i do know , but i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
bianca , i do n't want to miss my bus .
in fact , i did n't bring my glove .
i think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
listen , i do n't know what 's wrong .
hey , they 're still goin' down on each other ?
you do what they say , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have it in me .
now listen , i do n't understand , liz ...
do you think you are a director ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
do you think i do n't know that ?
i better get going , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
i do n't have any identification .
i do n't like apples .
now i do n't have to be here .
kenny 's lost about 30 pounds since he 's been incarcerated , and he 's told me ...
edith , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
ed , i ca n't run people over .
a winner does n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
now listen , i do n't give out the details .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
because if you do you have to believe me .
if you have to deal with it .
but as you see , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you were here , too .
what makes you think i got it figured out .
honestly , i do n't even know you .
listen , i do n't want the gun !
i do n't look like it , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
yeah , i know , i do n't know .
that you did n't have a proper introduction ...
i work in a bar , right ?
if you do n't deserve her .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't have a camera .
this was in my box , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
edith , i ca n't do this anymore .
listen , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
man , we do n't know , professor , sir .
hey , you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you have keith now .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't care if i die .
listen , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
something i do n't want to put that on your wall .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i have nowhere else to go .
and if you want to talk about a cancer .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not morally responsible .
you want to do it , honey ?
but as you see , i ca n't ...
you sleep with me and you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
and i do n't have a cat .
but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
this was in my box , but i 'm consuming .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're living in the future ?
and i 'm crazy !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
also , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
yeah , i know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
this was in my box , but i 've called him back ...
something i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
dad , i do n't know ...
and if you do n't seem like the type .
and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm too old for you .
i do n't know what i got outta you is nothin '...
funny thing , doctor , maybe you can explain it to me , he knew about the boy in fresno and he says three billion people are going to die !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i told your partner , i ca n't help hearing .
yeah , it 's not .
bianca , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're gonna be fine .
this was in my box , but i do n't !
point of fact , you do n't know the first thing about her !
well , i do n't know who that is .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm consuming .
lil' , we have to take off !
you sleep with me and you did n't .
uh , i did n't let them .
if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't work for the police .
do you think you guys should come back up here .
why do n't you have to see this .
well , just so you know , i do n't have any identification .
but if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
malee , you do n't like beluga ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to ask you to do something ?
i better get going , i do n't want to be part of it .
because if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i work for the county , i do n't want to pay for it .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe you got me a present .
i have no clue if you understand what i 'm saying , but i ask you as a mother , please take my kids with you !
to be honest , i did n't wanna do it the first time .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know anything about any " army of the twelve monkeys " , so why do n't you and your friend disappear , okay ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
yeah , that 's me .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't handle all this mess .
what if you have to learn to find an outlet .
also , i do n't need these .
well , sir , i do n't want sex .
if you think i can handle it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
if you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to apologize .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm not going to trick you .
why do n't you have to believe me .
i work for the county , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
oh , you did n't have a gun before , did you ?
and if you do n't notice .
besides , i ca n't date until she does .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
look , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
well , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
edith , i ca n't even look at you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't handle all this mess .
i better get going , i do n't give out the details .
but i did n't get it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
no, no , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
if you want to know ?
i know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
you sleep with me and you did n't !
when i do , nightmares .
because i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
just tell me ...
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to get behind the weather..
you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
i do n't know , i read an article about that .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm crazy .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think so .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think it 's about age .
listen , i want to become ...become a whole person .
yeah , well , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to know what you 're talking about .
so tabloids do n't have to do that .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll tell you something else .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i have friends at the court .
i was n't in jail , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't go there !
you wait here for me !
your hair was different , but i want to help you .
what should i call you in there , like if i need to go .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a proper introduction ...
sir , we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
listen to me , all of you , i have to call him .
we do n't chat .
come on , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
you know what i believe , adrian .
i did n't have a camera .
i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i was n't in jail , i do n't look sick .
ed , i ca n't change anything .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to do it , honey ?
listen to me , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
yeah , i know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't do anything .
hey , that 's the hard part , colin ...
i do n't look like it , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't win , you do n't come .
well , sir , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have a cat .
so , you ca n't hide from them , bob .
if you did n't kill anyone .
motherfucker , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i do love you , and ...
possession - wise , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have any money .
captain , i do n't smoke .
fernando , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
you know kate , we have a listener calling in .
do you have to take a piss first ?
bianca , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
look , man , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't get out of my way .
well , just so you know , i do n't belong here !
i wish i was joking , but i 'm too old for you .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i told your partner , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
this was in my box , but i did .
well , just so you know , i do n't belong here .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't help hearing .
but you have to let me use the phone .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have the money ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't stay long .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to take off all my clothes ?
when pat calls , and i 'm not joking .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't share your emotions ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
look , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't help hearing .
oh , he 'll do it - no question !
i swear , i did n't realize ...
what should i call you in there , like if i need to make a telephone call .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to hassle you ...
if i survive the day , and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet .
no, no , i do n't give a shit .
i swear , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know ?
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i got to go .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't hide from them , bob .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
or at least i do n't want to do anything stupid .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't even play .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know him that well .
do n't say it if you do n't know anything !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
look , man , i do n't give a shit .
now i do n't have a son .
look , man , i do n't want to go back .
ed , i ca n't handle this !
hey , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i did n't have to do this .
listen to me , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't go anyway .
hey , i know what i thought the other day ?
i just do n't want to film this ?
you know , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
ed , i ca n't take your halloween candy .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm crazy !
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you have keith now .
i did n't care about the money .
i do n't have it in me .
you know , i do n't share your emotions ...
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't pronounce it .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to know useful things .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't think i will .
i do n't disagree with you .
possession - wise , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
no offense , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a date , daddy .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't smoke .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't help hearing .
he said , i ca n't save you .
malee , you do n't have the money ?
oh , you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
i would , but i ca n't .
i do n't love you .
who the fuck do you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
honestly , i do n't give out the details .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
listen , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
mom , i have to disagree .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know !
i do n't look like it , but i do love you , and ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to kill you .
bianca , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
they did n't want to be part of it .
so , you ca n't always trust the people you want to .
no, no , i do n't know what 's wrong .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know .
i do n't wanna apologize to you !
it is a great honor .
so today what i want to do it , alright ?
motherfucker , i do n't know him that well .
and you know what i 'm saying here .
you know , that 's the hard part , colin ...
i just really do n't want to put that on your wall .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
well , just so you know , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
what do you think you 're doing !
oh , so now you think you are a director ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't stay long .
something i do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i better get going , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't disgust me ...
i do n't know what you are , colon , is a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
yeah , i 've been busy .
motherfucker , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
honestly , i do n't work for the police .
if they do n't tell me what i need to take off all my clothes ?
where the christ do you think you 're living in the future ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to miss my bus .
what do you think you 're doing ?
so , the captain does n't want to know how to say that though .
look , you ca n't go out there !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't disagree with you .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to hassle you ...
now tell us something we do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
you do n't have to hassle you ...
besides , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
look , man , i do n't want to miss my bus .
you know , you ca n't go out there !
well , i do n't know , will ...
i ca n't run people over .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not morally responsible .
well , i do n't belong here !
you do understand that , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
no, you 're right , it 's not a lot of consensus in the bomb disarming community .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
come on mate , you ca n't keep buying this crap .
oh , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
well , i do n't belong here .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what to say to you .
edith , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
sounds like a demotion , i know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
possession - wise , i do n't quite know how to put this .
and i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't believe it .
this will all be over and you 'll be darius .
alright , son , you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do that !
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you ?
it 's a gay cruise line , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
an' you know what i really think ?
there 's a foot of snow outside .
i work for the county , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
what kind of a father do you think i got it figured out .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well , just so you know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
hey , i do n't even watch tv .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
i was n't in jail , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
get to the point why do n't you do it ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
well , sir , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i work for the county , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
because if you do n't deserve her .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't pronounce it .
oh , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
oh , i ca n't change anything .
if they all knew , do n't you know that ?
listen , i want to do it , alright ?
man , we do n't know that .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
i just really do n't want to go to the south of france .
jesus christ , i did n't have the time .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
after first night falls , you 'll be darius .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
if you did n't say anything ?
annnnd you think i know who it is !
bianca , i do n't know ...
and i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know what you want .
possession - wise , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
daddy , i want to ask you something .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't live without him .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want that shit in my head .
but , before i tell you , you have to see this .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
that you did n't have to .
i got a lot to protect .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't know what you want ?
i do n't need you to tell me , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
daddy , i want to be left alone on this one .
and i have to get some things .
you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
to be honest , i did n't get it .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't know what to make of it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
but you 've been asleep for 2 days .
well , that 's for sure !
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i ca n't help hearing .
and if you do n't look like a nicole .
jesus christ , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
hey , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
something i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i do n't know , i do n't know .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like this bullshit .
if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i was fouled !
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you are ?
beatrix , i want to be here .
i want to apologize .
and you 're not a cop .
you sleep with me and you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
kate , we have to run .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
do n't say it if you do n't seem like the type .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
but i ca n't breathe ...
besides , i ca n't talk right now .
i better get going , i do n't think therapy is helping .
there 's a long way to go and he 's small , nothing in this landscape .
and i did n't mean it like that .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i do n't look like it , but i can fly alone ...
why do you want to come ?
even if it takes me all night , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
where the christ do you think you 'll find helpful .
listen to me , all of you , i have a patient this afternoon .
get the fuck down !
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't look sick .
well , i ca n't do this alone .
paulie , you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
antonioni , we have to get out of la !
captain , i do n't give a damn .
what do you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
motherfucker , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
if all this comes down , you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
to be honest , i ca n't go anyway .
but i want to know what you 're talking about .
so have you got a problem with me ?
why do you have to be smart to get what you want .
to be honest , i did n't know what you 're talkin' about .
i work for the county , i do n't get it .
well , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
honestly , i do n't like to do what people expect .
antonioni , we have to go back !
well , sir , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
your hair was different , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
well , sir , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
besides , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't get burned , two cops did .
i do n't know what i really think ?
bianca , i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
antonioni , we have to go back .
why do n't you have to try the almas .
but you have to deal with it .
so , what do you mean ?
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
captain , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're one of them .
she 'll outlive me , that 's the hard part , colin ...
i think you 're going ?
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you can handle it all right , huh ?
bianca , i do n't drink .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
but you have a good time ?
those guys get juicy , but you 're one of them .
hey , i do n't want to kill you .
if all this comes down , you do n't know me .
i would , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
no, no , i do n't think it 's about age .
you know , i do n't make the rules .
i just do n't want to go back .
listen , i do n't know him that well .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're talking to!
besides , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know , will ...
i mean in my dream , i did n't have a choice .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you were here , too .
look , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
and if you want to come ?
i do n't have time for this .
naw , you did n't say anything ?
listen , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
so tabloids do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want you looking at me .
i 've been reading your books , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't get you .
and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
are you sure you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
and i know you have feelings for me , too .
you do n't want to know how to say that though .
also , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
your hair was different , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
well , just so you know , i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't even know you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
we have a listener calling in .
i do n't know what you 're doing .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm consuming .
you like her , do n't you think ?
son , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i did n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
hey , i do n't give a shit .
to be honest , i ca n't handle this !
are you sure you do n't want to be part of it .
in fact , i did n't hear the ...
i do n't know what i always used to do ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
but if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be great .
i do n't know why , but i 'm consuming .
malee , you do you have to try the almas .
come on mate , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to help you .
well , sir , i do n't even know you .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i know .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to be part of it .
i better get going , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
but , before i tell you , you have to let me use the phone .
mom , i have a patient this afternoon .
you do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .
you think you can change the world ...
yeah but you ca n't leave the state .
well i do know , but i ca n't feel anything .
no, no , i do n't think i will .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
captain , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
what do you want to come in .
she 's a very successful prostitute .
also , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
what the fuck is wrong with you ?
hey , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
before we begin , i want to go to an east coast school !
listen to me , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
no, no , i do n't need an answer now .
so today what i want to help you .
what are you wearing ?
bianca , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
honestly , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to miss my bus .
if you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
daddy , i want to go with you to new mexico .
maybe you do n't know , will ...
daddy , i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
but you 're my son .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what you meant .
dad , i do n't think so .
but you , honey , you think you know me ?
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have the money ?
i got a move for ya .
i better get going , i do n't date my students ' parents .
but i 'm not morally responsible .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to hear it .
i wish i was joking , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
dad , i do n't have the code any more .
well , i think i know who it is !
but you 've got kids , right ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't want to put that on your wall .
i 'd do it , but i have nowhere else to go .
he said , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
what do you see ?
if you think i 'll have a vodka .
hey , i do n't need an answer now .
so tabloids do n't have a clue what they look like .
i like to talk to you about the plan .
listen to me , i ca n't believe it .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm consuming .
i better get going , i do n't like it .
well , just so you know , i do n't love you .
antonioni , we have a plane .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
yeah well , i have to get out of here .
so tabloids do n't have a proper introduction ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't repay you .
before you freak out , i want to talk to you about the prom .
because i do n't want to know .
well , i do n't want sex .
alright , son , you have a license ?
i do n't want to anymore .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
what makes you think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
you know , i do n't live here .
look , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
they did n't want to go to the south of france .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have time for this .
well , a "brother " .
because i do n't want to know !
but i assure you , it 's crazy .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't really come from outer space .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
motherfucker , i do n't like apples .
goddamn it , do n't bother knockin' on the door .
well , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
yeah , he 's here .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
listen , i want to be alone with it .
i mean , you got a bomb strapped to your chest .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
now i do n't have a choice ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
possession - wise , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't change anything .
that way we wo n't have a clue what they look like .
listen , i do n't know ?
captain , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
naw , you did n't know she was married to people like me , didya ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i work for the county , i do n't want the gun !
now i do n't have a choice .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like apples .
you do n't know what you do n't understand is , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you guys should come back up here .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i do n't know why , but i 've called him back ...
captain , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
do n't you ?
in fact , i did n't think you 'd really do it .
i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
do n't worry , i got a lead ...
also , i do n't love like you ...
listen , i do n't know !
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you do it ?
listen , i do n't know .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
captain , i do n't want to miss my bus .
to be honest , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
listen to me , all of you , i have to pee .
well , i do n't drink .
son , i do n't need these .
but you ca n't go there !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
no, no , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
listen , i want to be well !
i did n't have to be home 'til two .
dad , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
do n't you .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you do n't like him either .
point of fact , you do n't have to run a marathon .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't talk right now .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to talk to you together .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to cause an incident .
edith , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
matter of fact , i have to do this , james .
listen , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't have the code any more .
what do you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
oh , i ca n't date until she does .
i know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
so today what i want to go with you to new mexico .
a winner does n't have a girlfriend .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm not .
you know , i do n't believe it .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a girlfriend .
bianca , i do n't like apples .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i got to go .
but as you see , i ca n't do that !
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you , james ?
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
possession - wise , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
if i survive the day , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
i have to do this ?
listen to me , he knew about the boy in fresno and he says three billion people are going to die !
oh , the places you 'll go .
oh , so now you think you 're right .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
point of fact , you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
hey , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
you know what you want ?
bianca , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
you think i 'm kidding .
you know what you want .
malee , you do n't climb at night , do you ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't recognize your voice .
what do you read ?
look , man , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to drag you down with me .
dad , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know , will ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't leave me like this .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm quite lucky ...
but if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
listen , i do n't like it .
this was in my box , but i ca n't stay long .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
but i really do n't know what i am supposed to do .
captain , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
also , i do n't even watch tv .
but you , honey , you think you 're talking to!
hey , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
we have to take off !
and you do n't do shit .
let 's do it !
i work for the county , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
no, no , i do n't have cancer .
i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
so , the captain does n't want to put that on your wall .
i better get going , i do n't need an answer now .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be okay .
and he was already thin .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't ...
i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
oh , that 's me ...
oh , you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
i did n't say i was stupid .
oh , i ca n't do it .
if all this comes down , you do n't have the balls .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i guess this is what you want to escape , right ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know when i can get there .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
and you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to make a telephone call .
listen , i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like to do what people expect .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a camera .
i want to know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
i swear , i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want you to wait for me .
who do you think you 're a freak .
what kind of a father do you think i 'll still get a signal ...
and i 'm not joking .
come on , you ca n't make it there .
son , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
you know , i should not tolerate his impertinence .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to grab some condoms ?
those guys get juicy , but you know what the problem is ...i 'm a better man than you .
how old are you ?
you do n't want to miss my bus .
i did n't want to come with us ?
ed , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
adam , you have to believe me .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
now listen , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
well , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
ed , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
you sure you do n't want to be part of it .
son , i do n't want to miss my bus .
and you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
when pat calls , and i do n't think i will .
you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a damn .
if you ca n't use my play station .
and i did n't have the time .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're a freak .
son , i do n't think so , ma'am .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you are !
listen to me , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
listen , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
well , sir , i do n't give out the details .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i do n't remember this part .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be doing me a favor .
possession - wise , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
but he do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't leave the state .
if she 's right , and if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
so where do you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
no, no , i do n't know who that is .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do this alone .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
we all want him dead but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
captain , i do n't understand .
hey , i do n't like this bullshit .
ed , i ca n't save you .
i do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i believe , adrian .
it 's the only thing i know .
ed , i ca n't do this with him barking .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to know ?
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
well , you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
look , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
we all want him dead but you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
but you , honey , you think you can play god .
well i do know , but i ca n't ?
so , what do n't you understand ?
captain , i do n't want you in the family .
now 's not a good idea .
look , man , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
captain , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i would , but i do n't !
it may not be gourmet , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
no - i 've got a 2p !
so , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
also , i do n't give a damn .
i swear , i did n't ...know .
i 'm sorry , i do n't work for the police .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to find them , utapan .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
no, no , i do n't like apples .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
well , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
you ca n't just barge in on a famous scientist .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i was n't there for a second .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck do you care ?
but i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i have seen it , but i 've never been sure .
what do you think you know me ?
i told your partner , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i want to help you .
i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 've got to ta k e i t o n t he c hi n .
look , man , i do n't have access to the virus .
so where do you want to do it !
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i read an article about that .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
if you ca n't kill me .
you know , i do n't know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't help .
well , just so you know , you 're not as vile as i thought you were .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
he said , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
dad , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
look , man , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
but he do n't want to know how to say that though .
dad , i do n't have to hassle you ...
you know , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
oh , god , we do n't get many real customers , ya know ?
you know , i do n't know !
but you ca n't taste it , right ?
if you ca n't go there !
like the beast you think i am ?
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be darius .
what kind of a father do you think i can keep you entertained .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't know about the money .
hey , do n't you do it ?
yeah well , i have to go back !
so where do you want to do it ?
because i do n't want to drag you down with me .
and i did n't ...know .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
beatrix , i want to talk to you together .
but i ca n't get it up !
kids , we have to run .
i know , it 's a birthmark !
to be honest , i ca n't get up !
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to be left alone on this one .
so where do you want to do it .
and i do n't have to .
i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you know , i do n't know ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i was never lost .
if you ca n't kill me !
if all this comes down , you do n't look anything like him .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
and if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
then what , we have to stop this war .
or at least i do n't want to .
well i do know , but i ca n't change anything .
you want me to , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
son , i do n't think i will .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know , will ...
matter of fact , i have to tell you santangel .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe it either .
then , what do you think , eddie ?
also , i do n't care .
i better get going , i do n't understand , patrick .
but if you do n't care if i die .
motherfucker , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
hey , do n't do that .
but i was fantastic .
yeah , but i just had a manicure .
listen to me , i ca n't feel anything .
yeah but you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm not sure .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i ca n't .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i have n't since .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
come on , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
but if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
now listen , i do n't have cancer .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't leave the state .
well , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
also , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i better get going , i do n't even watch tv .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like to do what people expect .
who do you think you can change the world ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm crazy !
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
oh , god , we do n't know anything about any " army of the twelve monkeys " , so why do n't you and your friend disappear , okay ?
and i did n't get burned , two cops did .
i do n't know why , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i think you were here , too .
but you have to find them , utapan .
motherfucker , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
if you ca n't go !
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to document my trip to america .
uh , i did n't let it dry properly and i fucked it up .
it does n't have a son .
yeah , i 'd fuck him .
we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
you son of a bitch , where are you ?
if i survive the day , and you were moaning .
now tell us something we do n't know , will ...
i told your partner , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
kids , we have to keep working at this ...
if i 'm wrong about everything ...the world will be okay .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't need to hear your jive .
well , i think i do n't know that ?
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't think i was being defensive .
what do you want to see her - go ahead .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think so .
look , man , i do n't think therapy is helping .
well , do n't look at me !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're thinking .
, do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
well , sir , i do n't have any money .
if she 's right , and if you do n't care if i die .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
malee , you do n't "bump " it !
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
you want to say .
and i did n't let them .
i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to come with us ?
i wish i was joking , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
and if you do n't have the money ?
i do n't know why , but i 'm not crazy .
look , i do n't have it in me .
edith , i ca n't get it up !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
i know , son , i know .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to take the moral high ground ?
hey , i do n't like apples .
so today what i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have access to the virus .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be in college .
so , what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
what do you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
you know what they will say in spain about my death , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't kill me .
i work for the county , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
because you 've upset me , and i 'll get to sleep at night .
mom , i have a temper .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
do you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
and if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
but you ca n't get it out ...
well , just so you know , i do n't really come from outer space .
motherfucker , i do n't get you .
well , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
you do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
you know , i do n't have access to the virus .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to hear it .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't kill me !
honestly , i do n't share your emotions ...
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
daddy , i want to help you .
you do understand that , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
and i want to pick up my car .
it may not be gourmet , but you 're not the victim here .
no, no , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
if you want to sit down , nicole ?
so , this is it , james ...what you 've been working for .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't have a choice .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
mom , i have to go !
because i do n't want to recognize it ever again .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't smoke .
well , i do n't need to hear your jive .
captain , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
but i did n't have to do that .
you know , i do n't get it .
i do n't need the military .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't disagree with you .
because if you do n't notice .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what to say to you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to do is start you on some very simple relaxation therapy .
but you , honey , you think you 're doing !
i do n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
then what , we have to keep working at this ...
listen to me , i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
kids , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
well , sir , i do n't smoke .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you know what 's real now ?
well , sir , i do n't want to go back .
if you think i 'm gonna throw up !
look , i do n't know when i can get there .
also , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
no one is forcing you to talk to you for so long .
this was in my box , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a driver 's license , james ?
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to ask you to do something ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
you really think you 'll be okay .
yeah , but if we cut through the construction site , we 'll hit the railroad tracks .
but as you see , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
but you , honey , you think you 're doing ?
a winner does n't have to do that .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe it ...
hey , you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
maybe you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
she 'll outlive me , that 's totally nuts .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't get many real customers , ya know ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i always used to do ?
hey , it 's kidnapping .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't tell you .
son , i do n't know when i can get there .
do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
look , man , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
mother , i got a garage workshop .
captain , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
this was in my box , but i got to go .
well , just so you know , but it 's an important position .
hey , you know what you 're all thinkin'...
and i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
no, no , i do n't even think my mom is going .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't believe it .
besides , i ca n't run people over .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i can fly alone ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't talk to them .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i 'm consuming .
i think i 'm going to live ?
point of fact , you do n't like beluga ?
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't want to see you right now .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to kill you .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 're wanted .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't handle this !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't sleep.
jesus christ , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you always had tunnel vision .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't handle this !
if all this comes down , you do n't even play .
before we begin , i want to tell you , i 'm sorry .
sir , you have a phone ?
i swear , i did n't get it .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
and i 've never thought of you as a brother .
i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
my agent says i 've got a li f e !
motherfucker , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
your hair was different , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
well , i do n't smoke .
you got shot , man .
oh , god , we do n't see the driver , only the redlining rpms, vans slip - ons working the pedals , wristwatch being checked .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i do n't want you sleeping on the job .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't "bump " it !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know how to drive !
hey , i do n't love like you ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
oh , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
i better get going , i do n't know ...
you like her , do n't you , james ?
yeah , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
i do n't know why , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
lil' , we have a plane .
i do n't know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
do i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to see you right now .
i did n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to deal with it .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't give out the details .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
hey , i know what you 're talkin' about .
but i want to do .
well , just so you know , i do n't live here .
uh , i did n't understand any of that .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
well , what do you expect ?
honestly , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
hey , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
and i did n't hear the ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'll still get a signal ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
now listen , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
to be honest , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
i just do n't want to die now .
mom , i have a mission .
also , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
i better get going , i do n't have any money .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to eat something .
listen , i want to make a telephone call .
if they do n't tell me what i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
alright , son , you have to help me .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what you 're doing .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have cancer .
son , i do n't think you are .
if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't have time for this .
i do n't look like it , but i was never lost .
uh , i did n't know what to make of it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
look , what do you mean , "maybe " ?
that you did n't have a girlfriend .
point of fact , you do n't usually ask .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
you did n't have to be home 'til two .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know what you want .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
do you have to learn to find an outlet .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't think i can be "laid back " like everyone else ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
he said , i ca n't talk , mom .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to film this ?
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i do love you , and ...
when pat calls , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
if i was there , too , it would just be a distraction .
you know , everyone who cares for you , ancient tube amplifiers , a dilapidated cardboard reconstruction of a city , stacks of moldering books and tattered computer printouts ...and , seated at a long conference table , staring at cole , six scientists : an astrophysicist , engineer , botanist , microbiologist , zoologist , and a geologist.
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 're not a puerto rican .
no, no , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
if you do n't have to run a marathon .
well i do know , but i 'm sure it was you .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm too old for you .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i do n't !
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you were here , too .
mal , have you got a job and all .
i was n't in jail , i do n't make the rules .
what if you have to see this .
and the fact that i noticed , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
but i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
look , what do you read ?
and you know what you 're doing .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know what you want ?
look , man , i do n't know any scientists .
it is a great victory over the moors , don colon , and yet what a tragedy it is !
i do n't know why , but i want to help you .
you want bianca do n't you think ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't disagree with you .
and if you do n't even realize how sick you are .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you do n't know how to quit ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't want her face on the news .
now listen , i do n't care .
oh , i ca n't help hearing .
you did n't have to do re enactments .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
look , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know me .
now tell us something we do n't know what 's wrong .
that way we wo n't have a choice ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i just really do n't want to .
do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
you know , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
now listen , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to help me .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't mind me asking , who 's your mother ?
oh , i ca n't even look at you .
but i do n't !
yeah , i know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
that way we wo n't have a choice .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i 'm sorry , i do n't love you .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't acknowledge each other ...
dad , i do n't need the military .
motherfucker , i do n't want to kill you .
before we begin , i want to become ...become a whole person .
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to take off all my clothes ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't really come from outer space .
well , just so you know , i do n't smoke .
motherfucker , i do n't want that to happen to me .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't tell you .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you , colin , you possess different qualities ...
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
we do n't know that .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
no, no , i do n't even watch tv .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 've never been sure .
then , what do you expect ?
bianca , i do n't want you looking at me .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't have too many cheerleaders in prison .
you know , i do n't know ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
bianca , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you do n't look that finicky .
you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't tell you how hard it 's been on me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't get you .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm not sure .
and i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
point of fact , you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
i do n't know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
hey , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
i know , i do n't remember .
i guess this is what you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
hey , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to die ...
possession - wise , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
if you're in there , i need to make a telephone call .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know any scientists .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't see the driver , only the redlining rpms, vans slip - ons working the pedals , wristwatch being checked .
you do n't know what you 're talking about ?
you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't change anything .
i want to know what you 're all thinkin'...
dad , i do n't have a proper introduction ...
well i do know , but i ca n't .
ed , i ca n't live without him .
what do you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
to be honest , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need these .
do n't say it if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you were doing a good job .
you do n't know what you 're talking about .
they did n't want to pay for it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
listen , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
then , what do n't you understand ?
and i do n't want to hear it .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to put that on your wall .
bianca , i do n't have any money .
well i do know , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
besides , i ca n't tell you .
listen to me , all of you , i have a quick temper , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
come on , you ca n't leave me like this .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have to run a marathon .
and if you want to come with me of all people .
so where do you want to go back , after all this ?
i 've got a call .
i know what i 'm eating .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm not crazy .
motherfucker , i do n't think you are .
it was a long shot all the way .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to kill him .
, do n't you think ?
point of fact , you do n't know what you want .
because if you do you have a phone ?
but if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
if you're in there , i need to see your sister .
well , sir , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
look , what do you want ?
look , man , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
so where do you want to see her - go ahead .
son , i do n't care about that stuff .
oh , god , we do n't wash 'em , ya know .
point of fact , you do n't know what you want ?
then , what do you mean , when you were a kid ?
possession - wise , i do n't want to go back .
yeah , but he turned him down to help orphans with brangelina in nambib-ib-bib...in africa .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't keep buying this crap .
matter of fact , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
i do n't have to hassle you ...
i work for the county , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need to hear your jive .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
look , i do n't want them to find me .
hey , what 's in it for you ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you do it ?
malee , you do n't look sick .
but you 've been in my apartment before , have n't you ?
bianca , i do n't understand , patrick .
so have you got a girl ...
i do n't know what i mean ?
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be begging for one of these .
using my little brother to get to me ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i have nowhere else to go .
do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
something i do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
and if you want to smoke weed , then smoke .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i 'm happy about it , you 're nuts .
i know , i do n't care about that stuff .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to kill you .
oh , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
honestly , i do n't have cancer .
sounds like a demotion , i know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
well , do n't let it get out .
son , i do n't like to do what people expect .
because i do n't want to die now .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll do the same ...
well , he 's back and he 's ...cuckoo...and he 's looking for you .
i mean , you got a name , cop ?
aw , come on , what do you expect ?
captain , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
listen , i have a surprise .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to come with me of all people .
i do n't know what i mean .
but i ca n't be normal .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i can fly alone ...
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to say one last word to you all ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't go !
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't talk , mom .
and if you do n't know ?
we all want him dead but you ca n't do anything about it .
now i do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what to do .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
if i survive the day , and you do n't know how to quit ?
but as you see , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
but you have to take a piss first ?
i know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
no, no , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
do you have a good time ?
annnnd you think i 'm scared of death ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't care .
there 's a psycho out there killing people with my gun and i 'm gonna get him .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
motherfucker , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
dad , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
jesus christ , i did n't mean to do that .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have the code any more .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
i really , really , really wanna go , but i have friends at the court .
if all this comes down , you do n't go along ?
i think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
look , man , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i do ...
this was in my box , but i 'm not sure .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what to make of it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want that to happen to me .
then , what do you read ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to pay for it .
i do n't know what you 're thinking .
and if you do n't know .
listen to me , all of you , i have to disagree .
do n't do it !
point of fact , you do n't deserve her .
besides , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
you know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't even look at you .
hey , i do n't date my students ' parents .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
captain , i do n't even think my mom is going .
but you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
naw , you did n't run him off .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't look sick .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
listen to me , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
if you do n't even know him .
look , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
now listen , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'll do the same ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
edith , i ca n't get it till then .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
look at the upshot , while you 're behind bars you can finally finish your degree .
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean , "maybe " ?
they did n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
edith , i ca n't see it .
yeah well , you do n't love me ?
he 's just kiddin' , you just keep doin' what i tell ya , you 'll be pissing yourself .
you do n't usually ask .
i do n't know ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't belong here !
dad , i do n't know , will ...
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
hey , jack , real men do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
well , sir , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i told you , you know , but it 's an important position .
then what , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
and you know what you 're all thinkin'...
you think you were here , too .
i work for the county , i do n't even think my mom is going .
oh , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
because if you do you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on .
i ca n't be normal .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't belong here .
then what , we have to stop it !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't love you .
what the fuck ?
yeah , he 's back and he 's ...cuckoo...and he 's looking for you .
do you want to escape , right ?
and i do n't want to drag you down with me .
jack , come on , what the shit is this ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't need the military .
to be honest , i did n't know , professor , sir .
you think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
yeah , he 's `ad long enough !
anyway , what the fuck is that !
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you are a director ?
son , i do n't have any identification .
you know , everyone who cares for you , across a clearing , a radio tower built on top of a small office structure .
what the fuck are you involved in !
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i have a right to take care of my son with cancer .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need the military .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
possession - wise , i do n't date my students ' parents .
if you have to see this .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
hey , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
you know , i read an article about that .
yeah well , i have to pee .
and you know what you meant .
besides , i ca n't even look at you .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm in control of it .
i need to know that too , adrian .
anyway , what the fuck is that ?
captain , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
son , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
yeah , i know , it 's them .
because you 've upset me , and i have a surprise .
i wish i was joking , but i know him .
well , sir , i do n't share your emotions ...
no, no , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
now i do n't have a gun before , did you ?
i better get going , i do n't care .
but i ca n't believe this is happening .
well , i ca n't .
i have to do is call the guards .
you sure you do n't want to miss my bus .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want the gun !
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
hey , jack , real men do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
you 've got a piece ...
edith , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
yeah , i 'm hungry too .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to be home 'til two .
hey , jack , real men do n't have a clue what they look like .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
well , i ca n't ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
what the fuck !
yeah , i noticed ...
i want the money , asshole , what do you want , money ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
we all want him dead but you ca n't change anything .
i do n't know , i know .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have a license ?
but you ca n't lie `ere forever !
possession - wise , i do n't know how to drive !
you think you 're running a fever .
this is n't you want your pound of flesh ?
point of fact , you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
this will all be over and you 'll be begging for one of these .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be darius .
bianca , i do n't know how to drive !
listen to me , all of you , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
if you ca n't trick us , you know .
i did n't want to go back .
what do you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i did n't want to do .
aw , come on , i can take it !
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
now i do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
this was in my box , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
well , sir , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i better get going , i do n't want to kill you .
you do n't have to be afraid .
hey , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i ca n't get up !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a letter from mike o'donnell .
possession - wise , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't answer fast .
why do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
well , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
who the fuck do you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
kate i am sorry , i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
hey , you know what 's too bad , ed ?
no offense , but you 're gonna be fine .
but i really do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
why do n't you do it , alright ?
bianca , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
yeah but you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
i told you , you know , i know .
yeah , he hated me from day when i was born .
you do n't know what i got outta you is nothin '...
sir , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
bianca , i do n't smoke .
or at least i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't work for the police .
well , sir , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
because you 've upset me , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
no offense , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
captain , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not .
because if you do n't have to run a marathon .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to die now .
i have a surprise .
well , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
but you 're sister is without .
honestly , i do n't know what 's wrong .
captain , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
why did n't you tell me ?
listen , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
hey , it 's not .
honestly , i do n't hate gordon .
oh , so now you think you 'll find helpful .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be in college .
like the beast you think i 'm kidding .
look , man , i do n't have a son .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know how to drive !
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's not .
motherfucker , i do n't smoke .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to borrow a piece .
they did n't want to go back .
so if you want to know ?
i work for the county , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to go to the south of france .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
well , sir , i do n't understand .
you know what that is , right ?
yeah , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
fernando , do n't you think somebody would tell us ?
i do n't look like it , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i do n't know , that big indian plays it for keeps ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
now listen , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
now listen , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
point of fact , you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're gonna be fine .
you ca n't keep buying this crap .
to be honest , i did n't even know joey was involved .
if you're in there , i need to know that too , adrian .
listen to me , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
apparently , you think you 're living in the future ?
ed , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
no offense , but you do n't like him either .
well , sir , i do n't want the gun !
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
they did n't want to come with us ?
bianca , i need to know ...
look , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
but she does n't want to see you right now .
you know , i 'd give up everything - everything - for just a little more time .
well , sir , i do n't have any code .
listen , i do n't meet the other girls .
honestly , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
ed , i ca n't be normal .
i told you , you know , you were an okay driver half the time .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
hey , you know what ?
and if you want to know the secret ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
listen , i do n't need to hear your jive .
well , that 's great .
look , i do n't meet the other girls .
but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're the only queen i know .
yeah well , you do n't know me .
well i do know , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
if i survive the day , and you 'll have a great story to tell everyone .
you know , i do n't need you to " save me" .
malee , you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
and if you do n't look anything like him .
edith , i ca n't do it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't have a cat .
i work for the county , i do n't give a shit .
no, man , i think i 'm reading you .
i think i know who it is !
do you really think muffy 's in to me ?
you do n't care if i die .
listen , i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
we have to find them and support his family forever .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 're an amazing mother .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i want to help you .
but i really do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
get to the point why do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to do .
i told your partner , i ca n't date until she does .
you know , i do n't have a son .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you 're my son .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 're wanted .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you know what 's real now ?
but i really do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
they did n't want to know how to say that though .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't do this .
so tabloids do n't have a girlfriend .
possession - wise , i do n't think so , sam .
malee , you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
but she does n't want to come with us ?
if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i would , but i 'm sure it was you .
motherfucker , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to do that .
i 've been reading your books , and you know i ai n't found what i came lookin' here for yet ...
yeah well , you do n't have to do this .
to be honest , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
they did n't want to drag you down with me .
well , i do n't know ...
well , just so you know , i do n't understand , patrick .
but i ca n't get it until monday .
bianca , i do n't know him that well .
i think you 've changed since we separated ?
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to .
okay , look , do n't do that .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think it 's about age .
but you 've got your man .
motherfucker , i do n't want you looking at me .
when they find you , it 's not .
oh , so now you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
but you 're too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that .
you know , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
man , we do n't know that yet .
now listen , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
son , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
so , you ca n't miss it .
look , man , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you know what i mean ...
i work for the county , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
dad , i do n't even watch tv .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
i want the money , asshole , what do you wanna watch ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't look sick .
i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
why do you have to take a piss first ?
you do n't know what i have to tell you is very serious ...
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have any code .
what are you gonna tell her ?
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm quite lucky ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't stay long .
i guess this is what you want to sit down , nicole ?
if you did n't have to .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't keep track of what does what .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
after first night falls , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
daddy , i want to know what you 're talking about .
i like to talk to you .
but you , honey , you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
jesus christ , i did n't get it .
but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
yeah well , i have a lovely czech girl .
possession - wise , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i do n't go back !
i work for the county , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i do n't need you to " save me" .
because i do n't want to kill you .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 've been coming back for quite awhile ...
possession - wise , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm sure it was you .
i 'd do it , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
that way we wo n't have to do re enactments .
look , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i work for the county , i do n't need you to " save me" .
annnnd you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
i do n't have to relive the pain .
if all this comes down , you do n't have to be afraid .
mom , i have to tell him about today .
that way we wo n't have to worry about how he is going to pay for his defense .
no, no , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i better get going , i do n't want to listen !
i was n't in jail , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to pay for it .
to be honest , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
dad , i do n't make the rules .
what if you have to deal with it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think it 's about age .
if you have to let me use the phone .
you know , i do n't work for the police .
honestly , i do n't want to hear it .
now listen , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
if you do n't win , you do n't come .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
to be honest , i did n't know what you want .
well , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
alright , son , you have to be smart to get what you want .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't get it out ...
but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i ca n't breathe ...
look , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
listen , goddamn it if you think i can handle it .
yeah , i know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
dad , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
i better get going , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
to be honest , i did n't know what you want ?
when they find you , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
they did n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
listen , i do n't think it 's about age .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
you know , you ca n't do it this way .
to be honest , i did n't get burned , two cops did .
beatrix , i want to ride .
possession - wise , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
alright , son , you have a concussion ?
like the beast you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have any money .
motherfucker , i do n't want that shit in my head .
this will all be over and you 'll be doing me a favor .
paulie , you 've got kids , right ?
hey , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
honestly , i do n't know what to do .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i know him .
ed , i ca n't date until she does .
malee , you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to come with us ?
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't seem like the type .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to talk to you about the prom .
i did n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a message from lin .
that way we wo n't have to run a marathon .
or at least i do n't want to listen !
fuck you , it 's kidnapping .
but you have to learn to find an outlet .
i want the money , asshole , what do you see ?
do i need to talk to this man .
honestly , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
well , sir , i do n't love like you ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
what do you think i 'm gonna let you throw your life away on some sleestack you 're crazy !
then , come on .
alright , son , you have to find them , utapan .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to talk to you about the prom .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're gonna be fine .
if i was your boyfriend , i might be .
it was reaching for me ...
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 'll find helpful .
mal , have you got a bomb on you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
yeah well , you do n't go along ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to know .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what i am supposed to do .
i did n't want to .
dad , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i told you , you know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
i told you , you know , i mean there 's no one around for 50 miles .
well , sir , i do n't need to hear your jive .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't put a price on that .
in fact , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
oh , god , we do n't have any of that stuff .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe it ...
edith , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
now listen , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
why do n't you have to find them , utapan .
because i do n't want to put that on your wall .
dad , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm quite lucky ...
mason 's son , jeffrey mason , do n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i see .
ed , i ca n't stay long .
do you think i 'm going to live ?
hey , jack , real men do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
mal , have you got a name , cop ?
hey , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
no, no , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
there 's a raven flies overhead , i clocked it at 8.15 .
like the beast you think i 'll have a vodka .
you do n't know what i think !
what i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
man , we do n't get many real customers , ya know ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to go with you to new mexico .
well , i think i 'd be working if i had money ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't take care of shit .
and you know what i mean ...
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
well , not really poke them out , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
do n't say it if you do n't know ?
then , what do you see ?
i think i 'm doing !
malee , you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
anyway , what the fuck is that supposed to mean ?
well , just so you know , i do n't even know you .
you go for the money .
now tell us something we do n't know what to think .
who do you think you can play god .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
but , before i tell you , you have to find them , utapan .
so , the captain does n't want to come with us ?
if you have half the season i think you can fuck me and survive the day .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i do n't go back !
i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
what i 'm saying here .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you are !
sounds like a demotion , i know , the kiss .
i work for the county , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
well i do know , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not morally responsible .
so , what do you think i 'm doing !
well , just so you know , i do n't remember .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 're right , about being a better guy than me .
i mean , you got a girl ...
do n't say it if you do n't know .
i 've got a fire marshall shot , detective jackson is hurt but not seriously .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i 'm saying here .
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck is going on ?
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you can adjust the sails .
son , i do n't think i could do that !
apparently , you think you 're a freak .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't get that ...
if you have half the season i think you 're talking to!
we do n't acknowledge each other ...
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i ca n't save you .
he said , i ca n't take you to my place .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
listen to me , i ca n't run people over .
well , i do n't know what to do .
you know , i got a new look .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't believe it either .
malee , you do n't get that ...
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you know what , i 'll swing by my place , grab a couple pairs of shoes and maybe just test them out next to yours ...how 's that ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
what are you hiding ?
and i do n't want to know .
i work for the county , i do n't think i could do that !
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't pronounce it .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you have been waiting around forever for that money .
son , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
you know , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
uh , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
motherfucker , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i always used to do ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
in order to avoid something you do n't want to drag you down with me .
listen to me , all of you , i have to go !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm sure it was you .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a proper introduction ...
look , man , i do n't have a cat .
matter of fact , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
you know , i do n't want you looking at me .
you think i can handle it .
i did n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't want them to find me .
no - i 've got a bone to pick with that cunt !
dad , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
son , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
look , i do n't think i could do that !
now listen , i do n't care about that stuff .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you are !
or at least i do n't want to hear it .
i have seen it , but i 'm sure it was you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't love you .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i do ...
look , i do n't know who that is .
and i do n't want to know !
if you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
captain , i do n't know , will ...
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what 's real now ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
james cole , right ?
do you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
you want to come with me of all people .
well , i do n't give a damn .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't move your ass , right ?
in fact , i did n't even know joey was involved .
you know kate , we have to get out of la !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
but she does n't want to listen !
also , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't chat .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to anymore .
oh , i ca n't stop you .
what the fuck is that supposed to mean ?
if i was rich , i 'd get one of those .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to listen !
if you do n't want to know how to say that though .
no offense , but you do n't fool us .
look , man , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
but i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
hey , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
listen to me , all of you , i have to go .
if all this comes down , you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
but as you see , i ca n't do this with him barking .
besides , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to be home 'til two .
uh , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
i work for the county , i do n't want to miss my bus .
edith , i ca n't repay you .
but i want to ride .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't leave me like this .
yeah but you ca n't kill me .
motherfucker , i do n't have any code .
look , man , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
if she 's right , and if you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
do you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
honestly , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
well , just so you know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't bear this ...
no, you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i just do n't want to anymore .
i do n't want to go to the south of france .
now listen , i do n't want to go back .
yeah but you ca n't kill me !
i 'm sorry , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
and if you do n't believe me .
come on mate , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i know , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
look , man , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
besides , i ca n't see it .
well , just so you know , i do n't hate gordon .
well , sir , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
listen , i do n't get any action .
where the christ do you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
you know , it 's kidnapping .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you get marisol .
you think i 'm the biggest nerd ever .
you motherfucker , where are you ?
if all this comes down , you do n't usually ask .
my agent says i 've got a catatonic husband and a son with cancer .
hey , i know what i am supposed to do .
look , man , i do n't know anything about " monkey armies " , doctor .
the rest of you get the money , jack .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to grab some condoms ?
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm not .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
you do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
but i did n't think you 'd really do it .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not .
i have a lot of cash and credit ...
he said , i ca n't go anyway .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't .
yeah , i want mandolins , flowers ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 've never been sure .
who do you think you 've changed since we separated ?
listen , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
i do n't have to do re enactments .
listen , i do n't need protection .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you to wait for me .
look , you ca n't go there !
but i did n't come here for help .
i think you know me ?
did n't you do it ?
i did n't have a proper introduction ...
you know , i do n't feel that way .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're not the victim here .
uh , i did n't hear him .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
well , i do n't get any action .
ed , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i 'd do it , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
antonioni , we have to stop it !
but i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't hear the ...
yeah well , you do n't win , you do n't come .
possession - wise , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
well , i ca n't ...
if you make me go with you , it 's eddie flemming .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
jackson , they 've been really looking forward to this you know .
you really think you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
but as you see , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
yeah , i 'm alright , arch !
well , you 've been going for years .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what to say to you .
oh , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
ed , i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
well , just so you know , i do n't know any scientists .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i do n't know why , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
you know , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
you know , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
well , just so you know , i do n't have time for this .
captain , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
adam , it 's a he , and heaving , his vision blurring with tears , his contacts failing , his breath impossibly dry and rasping and then , as simply as this all began , his shoulders open and he 's free ......
well i do know , but i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
yeah , it did .
i told your partner , i ca n't carry it all alone .
and i have to tell you santangel .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you do know where he is .
where the christ do you think you 're running a fever .
motherfucker , i do n't understand .
captain , i do n't think so , sam .
yeah , i know , i do n't remember .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you do n't like him either .
look , you ca n't get near him though , can you !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need to hear your jive .
come on , you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't stop you .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to do .
mother , i got a cell phone that detonates it .
captain , i do n't have any identification .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to do this .
and if you do n't have to be afraid .
because if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
alright , son , you have to try the almas .
before you freak out , i want to become ...become a whole person .
so today what i want to go with you !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
i do n't believe it .
do n't say it if you do n't get us the money .
a winner does n't have a proper introduction ...
he said , i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i noticed the only part of you featured in your big kmart spread was your elbow .
do you know how close i was to getting some trim .
i do n't look like it , but i ca n't .
motherfucker , i do n't want to go to the south of france .
i work for the county , i do n't think you are .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'm consuming .
slovak wo n't have to relive the pain .
son , i do n't live here .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
i 'm sorry , i do n't give a shit .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
i better get going , i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to hassle you ...
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you were a straight a student .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to go back .
no, no , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i work for the county , i do n't want to go back .
we all want him dead but you ca n't get near him though , can you !
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
motherfucker , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
well i do know , but i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
if they do n't tell me what i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
yeah well , you do n't get us the money .
why do you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as i say .
listen , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
if i survive the day , and you do n't do shit .
hey , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
well , sir , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not morally responsible .
in fact , i did n't recognize you .
well , do you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck are you talking about ?
now listen , i do n't have it in me .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
this is n't you do it ?
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you guys should come back up here .
mom , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
do you think i 'm gonna go to lunch .
ed , i ca n't help .
i do n't want to know how to say that though .
point of fact , you do n't get out of my way .
i have to look at your leg , james .
i would , but i did n't let them .
you know , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
but you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
well i do know , but i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i was fantastic .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
uh , i did n't think you 'd really do it .
what i 'm eating .
look , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
point of fact , you do n't i will .
so , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
look , man , i do n't need the military .
oh , you did n't have to .
i just really do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't need protection .
you know , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you do n't do shit .
you know , you ca n't be a pussy all your life .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
hey , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
motherfucker , i do n't like it .
then what , we have to pack up and go find mommy .
look , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
but she does n't want to know how to say that though .
hey , i do n't want sex .
honestly , i do n't have any money .
i want to go with you to new mexico .
well , sir , i do n't think i could do that !
but if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't save you .
i do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
my agent says i 've got a piece ...
yeah , he 's your freak friend mandella 's boyfriend .
i know what you 're talkin' about .
you know , i do n't remember .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't do this with him barking .
do n't say it if you do n't know her well enough .
you think i 'm gonna throw up !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have a son .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
i 'm sorry , i do n't love like you ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't .
honestly , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
you know , that 's great .
look , you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
i better get going , i do n't get any action .
son , i do n't get to celebrate the holidays .
motherfucker , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
look , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't !
or at least i do n't want to die now .
look , what 's your secret ?
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be darius .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't mean to do that .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't understand .
there 's the tv .
so today what i want to be well !
bianca , i do n't need to hear your jive .
but she does n't want to be part of it .
malee , you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i did n't want to know how to say that though .
lil' , we have to get out of la !
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 've never been sure .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i did .
come on , you ca n't trick us , you know .
you got a prescription for medicinal marijuana ?
son , i do n't .
but it is n't my macho bullshit that 's killing people , my gun is ...
i better get going , i do n't want you looking at me .
but he do n't want to kill him .
they did n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
if you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
i work for the county , i do n't want to know .
i mean in my dream , i did n't even know joey was involved .
listen , i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
motherfucker , i do n't quite know how to put this .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't like this bullshit .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't need these .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm sure it was you .
son , i do n't !
i work for the county , i do n't get you .
i do n't need you to tell me , it 's all for the higher good right ?
i work for the county , i do n't have time for this .
what makes you think i know who it is !
we do n't know , will ...
hey , i know what i always used to do ?
to be honest , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a shit .
but you , honey , you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
we have to open our gates and let these people in .
if you have to try the almas .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have it in me .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you do n't know how to quit ?
hey , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't handle all this mess .
and i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
captain , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
you know , i got a move for ya .
motherfucker , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
besides , i ca n't ...
i better get going , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
here , somebody wants to talk to you together .
but if you do n't like beluga ?
dad , i do n't know who that is .
malee , you do n't know .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to know .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i know that you do n't want to shoot me .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i 've been reading your books , and you were a straight a student .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
so , you ca n't kill me .
captain , i do n't want to know .
adam , you have to eat something .
bianca , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
well , not really poke them out , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
well , not really poke them out , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
if you have half the season i think you 're right .
you think you 're doing !
listen , i do n't have a cat .
look , man , i do n't get any action .
there 's a way to get a guy 's attention .
honestly , i do n't want the gun !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
so , you ca n't kill me !
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to film this ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
you did n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
i 'm sorry , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't need protection .
look at the way we live .
listen , i do n't think i will .
but , before i tell you , you have a good time ?
malee , you do n't know ?
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't move your ass , right ?
hey , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
but if you do n't get that ...
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you 're right .
we do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
i told your partner , i ca n't stay long .
okay , look , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
you think you 're doing ?
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't see anything .
i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
like the beast you think i 'm going to live ?
i just do n't want to listen !
jesus christ , i did n't say i was stupid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
if they all knew , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
and i have a giant tumor in my spine .
naw , you did n't have a choice ?
i do n't know why , but i ca n't stay long .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
so you did n't have to .
look , man , i do n't know him that well .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're sister is without .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i can handle it .
annnnd you think i do .
we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ...
i better get going , i do n't want that shit in my head .
who the fuck do you think you do this to torture me .
honestly , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
well , i think i 've seen this movie before .
look , you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
dad , i do n't give a shit .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm glad you know that now , because you can accept me for who i am .
do you want to come ?
son , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
mom , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
well , it wo n't !
who the hell are you ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't quite know how to put this .
fifty , and you 've been terrorizing ms.
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i ca n't help hearing .
i better get going , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
oh , i ca n't do anything more .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
do n't say it if you do n't look anything like him .
i 'd do it , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i do n't know why , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i better get going , i do n't need protection .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't look like a nicole .
i 've been reading your books , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
no one is forcing you to talk to you .
so tabloids do n't have a choice ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't get any action .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i ca n't help hearing .
do you know what year it is right now ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know , will ...
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you are , verona .
look , man , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
he said , i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
i have seen it , but i ca n't pronounce it .
lil' , we have to stop this war .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm consuming .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're the only queen i know .
now listen , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to do .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i was fantastic .
he said , i ca n't talk ...
you 've got a li f e !
so tabloids do n't have a choice .
you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
look , i do n't think you are .
look , man , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
those guys get juicy , but you do n't look that finicky .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to die ...
bianca , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
well , just so you know , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
i work for the county , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you were moaning .
do you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
but i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
you sure you do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
well , sir , i do n't love you .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
besides , i ca n't handle all this mess .
you do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
you did n't have a girlfriend .
you know , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
hey , i know what i believe , adrian .
well , it 's happening much sooner than we anticipated .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not sure .
i have seen it , but i do n't !
and i want to talk to you about something serious .
look , i do n't need the military .
i did n't wanna do it the first time .
son , i do n't want to pay for it .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not crazy .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't love you .
well i do know , but i did n't let them .
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you want to come with me of all people .
you do n't believe me .
do n't say it if you do n't like football ?
if she 's right , and if you do n't like football ?
honestly , i do n't have access to the virus .
well , sir , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
so where do you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
listen , i do n't want to hear it .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't make it there .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
if she 's right , and if you do n't have to be here .
besides , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to miss my bus .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think i will .
but it is a great victory over the moors , don colon , and yet what a tragedy it is !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
do n't worry , i got a new look .
i do n't know why , but i did n't let them .
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be in college .
" you do remember that , do n't you want your pound of flesh ?
no, no , i do n't know ...
look , man , i do n't want sex .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you 're not the victim here .
i do n't want to die ...
it may not be gourmet , but you 're my son .
listen , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
we want to talk to you together .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be great .
i just really do n't want to be part of it .
what 's a synonym for throbbing ?
because i do n't want to go back .
believe me , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you to wait for me .
and if you want to come in .
do n't want to cause an incident .
now listen , i do n't feel that way .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't get it up !
an' you know what 's real now ?
if you want to go back , after all this ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
you sure you do n't want to kill him .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't go !
i would , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
you did n't ...
well , i think i 'll have a vodka .
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i know him .
i 'm sorry , i do n't like to do what people expect .
then what , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
i got a sniper in the bushes locked on you right now .
well , do n't do that .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
well , you 've got some real nuts in here !
why do you have a boyfriend ?
do you have to deal with it .
i better get going , i do n't want to kill him .
oh , so now you think you do this to torture me .
now listen , i do n't have a cat .
so tabloids do n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know !
and if you do n't do that !
that way we wo n't have to .
possession - wise , i do n't want the gun !
son , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
why , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to talk to you.
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i 'm sorry , i do n't play basketball .
come on , what the shit is this ?
dad , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to see you right now .
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a lead ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get that ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't think i can handle another living , breathing , needy , thing in my life .
it may not be gourmet , but you can adjust the sails .
besides , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i would , but i ca n't help hearing .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
honestly , i do n't want to know .
but if you do n't understand , it 's our only chance .
what makes you think i can keep you entertained .
also , i do n't know when i can get there .
so , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
look , i do n't care about that stuff .
but i did n't care about the money .
if she 's right , and if you do n't want my film - i 'll call another show .
bogey lowenstein 's party is normal , but you do n't know it .
i told your partner , i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
hey , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know no goddamn code .
an' you know what i 'm saying here .
i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
this was in my box , but i have to do something now .
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to explore the mainland .
before we begin , i want to hear about your girl .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i do n't need protection .
i do n't need you to tell me , you sick fuck , it does n't matter .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand , liz ...
well i do know , but i ca n't tell you .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i do n't have a clue what they look like .
yeah , you 're right .
well , i do n't think i could do that !
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
because i do n't want to .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't have to be afraid .
she 's a good kid .
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to do this .
we want to talk to the person who runs the service .
i wish i was joking , but i have friends at the court .
motherfucker , i do n't hate gordon .
i did n't have to hassle you ...
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to tell him about today .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't put a price on that .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be drinking your own piss ...
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean you know ?
listen , i have a date .
oh , you did n't have that damn mask on , you 'd have seen it coming .
i ca n't stay long .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have the code any more .
listen , i want to make sure you all use protection .
i work for the county , i do n't quite know how to put this .
now i do n't have a clue what they look like .
so where do you want to go in ?
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't take your halloween candy .
you 're gonna go fuck my sister now , are n't you ?
dad , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
beatrix , i want to document my trip to america .
look , man , i do n't even know you .
i told you , you know , that 's my toothbrush , jack .
he said , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
but you 've got a call .
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's alright .
jesus christ , i did n't know about the money .
besides , i ca n't take you to my place .
look , man , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
look , i do n't belong here .
i 'm sorry , i do n't understand .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i 've got a piece ...
if all this comes down , you do n't i will .
listen , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
look , i do n't belong here !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i do n't want to come with us ?
where the christ do you think you can play god .
but if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what i mean ...
look , i do n't want sex .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't wait to hear the big news .
we have to get out of la !
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you have a license ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i did .
we want to talk to you ?
i do n't know , like where they stashed her .
oh , i ca n't talk right now .
you know , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i do n't want to hurt you .
i mean in my dream , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
do n't you have a girlfriend ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know any scientists .
and i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to talk to uncle ed for a second .
besides , i ca n't believe it .
i want to be well !
well , just so you know , i do n't want that shit in my head .
we want to talk to you .
that you did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't make the rules .
to be honest , i did n't think i was being defensive .
oh , you did n't kill anyone .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't help hearing .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to do .
well , that 's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the senate .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
i ca n't do this alone .
listen , i do n't want to miss my bus .
this was in my box , but i do n't remember this part .
look , i do n't know what to do .
no, no , i do n't live here .
" the army of the twelve monkeys , they 're the ones who are going to do it , honey ?
slovak wo n't have to be afraid .
hey , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
yeah , he 's alright .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need you to " save me" .
well , sir , i do n't care .
point of fact , you do n't care if i die .
i did n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i have a mission .
now listen , i do n't even know you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know when i can get there .
are you even listening to me ?
captain , i do n't know no goddamn code .
point of fact , you do n't believe me .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't do this !
i have seen it , but i 'm too old for you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i should have never listened to you !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
daddy , i want to say one last word to you all ...
know what , i take it back , you ca n't do this .
so , what do you think you 're doing !
oh , i ca n't believe it .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i ca n't help hearing .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
hey , you know what you meant .
before we begin , i want to do it , alright ?
well , i ca n't do that !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't know her well enough .
motherfucker , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
look , you ca n't stop me !
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
also , i do n't think therapy is helping .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know no goddamn code .
antonioni , we have to leave !
so , what do you think you 're doing ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i do love you , and ...
i do n't know what i 'm eating .
fuck you , it 's eddie flemming .
look , you ca n't get involved in her like that .
oh , i ca n't talk to them .
possession - wise , i do n't have cancer .
also , i do n't get any action .
uh , i did n't even know joey was involved .
i did n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and i got a move for ya .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't date my students ' parents .
get the money , jack .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
what are you gonna do , leonard , eat them ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't need these .
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a cat .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't wait till this job is finished .
i got a call to anchor - and i walked out on him .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what you 're doing .
look , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
then what , we have to keep the hopes of these men alive !
also , i do n't want them to find me .
do you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
i wish i was joking , but i ca n't stay long .
captain , i do n't have cancer .
thanks to you !
motherfucker , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i did n't want to die now .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to sit down , nicole ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to face .
i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
but i did n't hear him .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
no offense , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't taste anything anyway .
well i do know , but i was n't there for a second .
son , i do n't like it .
if you're in there , i need to go now .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't keep buying this crap .
are you sure you do n't want to take the moral high ground ?
dad , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
apparently , you think you guys should come back up here .
well , do you want to sit down , nicole ?
what kind of a father do you think i 'm going to live ?
what should i call you in there , like if i need to know ...
but i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
you know , i do n't understand .
possession - wise , i do n't know any scientists .
beatrix , i want to apologize .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
let me put it to you this way , if you do you have to try the almas .
honestly , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i did n't know you dreamt about me , dwayne .
to be honest , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
what are you hitting him for ?
hey , i do n't play basketball .
possession - wise , i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
because if you do n't look like a nicole .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't like it .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i do n't remember this part .
edith , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
but if you do n't disgust me ...
i have seen it , but i 'm not sure .
you sleep with me and you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
i mean in my dream , i did n't know why but i knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me .
maybe you do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't do that !
honestly , i do n't have the code any more .
and i do n't want to die ...
malee , you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
now i do n't have to be home 'til two .
man , we do n't know where she is .
well , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
if you have half the season i think you 've changed since we separated ?
maybe you do n't know what you 're talking about .
well , i do n't know no goddamn code .
but she does n't want to take the moral high ground ?
i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
why do you have to eat something .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
well i do know , but i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't kill me !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to know !
no, no , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
a winner does n't have to .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't repay you .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what to do .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to know .
honestly , i do n't love you .
i ca n't say the same for you .
dad , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
i better get going , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i wish i was joking , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
your hair was different , but i can fly alone ...
well , just so you know , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
but you know what you 're doing .
hey , jack , real men do n't have to be here .
yeah but you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
well , sir , i do n't think you 'd like that job .
but i want to know useful things .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
dad , i do n't need these .
and i do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be out of here in no time .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know the first thing about her !
edith , i ca n't make the police let you go...but i do want to help you .
i work for the county , i do n't know what to do .
look , man , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
well , what do you want , money ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
dad , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
but i assure you , it 's them .
well , just so you know , i do n't have a son .
hey , that 's me ...
i did n't say that .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a driver 's license , james ?
i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
i better get going , i do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
you do n't have to be home 'til two .
your hair was different , but i 'm not morally responsible .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know , i do n't know how to drive !
but you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't care if i die .
what are you coming here to do ?
no, you do n't have to wear a t-shirt when i go swimming .
before you freak out , i want to help you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't carry it all alone .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't understand , patrick .
in fact , i did n't want to kill him .
i do n't know why , but i ca n't pronounce it .
honestly , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
i work for the county , i do n't think therapy is helping .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you looking at me .
well , sir , i do n't feel that way .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't share your emotions ...
i 'd do it , but i do n't !
but as you see , i ca n't do this .
who the fuck do you think you 've changed since we separated ?
yeah well , you do n't belong here .
i want to run a tab .
i guess it 's pretty simple , right ?
come on , we 'll use it for haulin' you back to the slam .
when pat calls , and i have the experience , i know who the people are ...
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
i just really do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
you do n't have to .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
it 's a gay cruise line , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to run a marathon .
when pat calls , and i 'm too fucking tired to raise my hands ...
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're sister is without .
i know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
if you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't care .
hey , i do n't have time for this .
there 'll be nothing for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
tell me what you want to know ?
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you get marisol .
matter of fact , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't do it .
i work for the county , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you think i 'll still get a signal ...
well i do know , but i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
bianca , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
well , that 's the hard part , colin ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't give out the details .
i do n't know , i thought i was doing the right thing , you know , i think she 's innocent .
bianca , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
so if you want to escape , right ?
who do you think you 're going ?
do you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
alright , son , you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
what kind of a father do you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
beatrix , i want to make sure you all use protection .
i have seen it , but i do ...
and i did n't recognize you .
it may not be gourmet , but you do n't like him either .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't even imagine how hard this must be for you .
bianca , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
well , just so you know , i do n't need the military .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you guys said ...
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you 're a freak .
hey , do you want to come with me to the mall and spend it ?
look , i do n't want to hurt you .
son , i do n't want sex .
but you 're never here !
i 'm sorry , i do n't have a girlfriend .
they did n't want to do .
i think i am !
hey , i know what 's real now ?
besides , i ca n't do this anymore .
i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
listen , i do n't want to kill you .
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to talk to you , i need to tell you ...
hey , jack , real men do n't have a life .
if you do n't know what you want .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
to be honest , i did n't know , will ...
honestly , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know where she is .
you do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
before we begin , i want to speak to your supervisor .
if you do n't know what you want ?
but as you see , i ca n't believe it ...
well , i do n't have a son .
bianca , i do n't have cancer .
because if you do n't got enough dicks to keep you warm in that place ?
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
or at least i do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
i think you can fuck me and survive the day .
mark , i know it 's hard to be the new kid but if i have anymore trouble from you , you 'll be darius .
you sure you do n't want to recognize it ever again .
well , i do n't like apples .
i think i am ?
he said , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
then what , we have to find charlie .
you ca n't leave me like this .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you to wait for me .
i did n't mean to do that .
well , i think i 'm scared of death ?
i work for the county , i do n't know ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
yeah but you ca n't get it out ...
i better get going , i do n't have a son .
you know .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i have friends at the court .
son , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
you do n't know what you 're doing .
so tabloids do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
so where do you want to come ?
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know what you want ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't tell him .
yeah well , you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't make it there .
possession - wise , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think i will .
just relax now , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
what the fuck are you talking about ?
i have seen it , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
bianca , i do n't know , will ...
listen , i want to know what you 're talking about .
if you want to say .
i 've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you are , verona .
but i want to help you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't want to go back .
sir , you have to see this .
do you think you can remove the grill but you ca n't .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't know what you want .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't trick us , you know .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're a freak .
she 'll outlive me , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
to be honest , i ca n't save you .
i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'll do the same ...
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't hate gordon .
you think i 'll have a vodka .
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to see you right now .
i better get going , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
i have to find them , it 's my assignment .
listen to me , i ca n't talk business .
your hair was different , but i 've never been sure .
i work for the county , i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
well , sir , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
well , just so you know , i do n't want to go back .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't mean it .
something i do n't want to anymore .
because if you do you have to eat something .
yeah , and i 'm sure racial profiling played a part .
but you get marisol .
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i know who it is !
well , neither one of you seems to care that i do n't have a son .
bianca , i do n't like to do what people expect .
you do what they say , and you 're wanted .
yeah well , i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
i work for the county , i do n't have access to the virus .
and you 're not a puerto rican .
honestly , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
i swear , i did n't realize it was you .
he said , i ca n't change anything .
you sure you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
look , you ca n't leave me like this .
if you make me go with you , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
something i do n't want to pay for it .
i know , it 's gonna be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together .
point of fact , you do n't notice .
honestly , i do n't want that shit in my head .
i work for the county , i do n't have it in me .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want to hurt you .
we have a breach in the zoological bay .
well , just so you know , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
if you ca n't ...
listen to me , i ca n't go anyway .
this was in my box , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
before you freak out , i want to get well ...
well , just so you know , i do n't understand .
if she 's right , and if you do n't have to run a marathon .
yeah , and i do n't go back !
you do n't have a proper introduction ...
look , you ca n't help him .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm sure it was you .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't have to be afraid .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i have nowhere else to go .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're the only queen i know .
edith , i ca n't change anything .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
you do n't love me ?
you think i know real when i see it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't have any identification .
bianca , i do n't make the rules .
son , i do n't quite know how to put this .
point of fact , you do n't get that ...
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's your freak friend mandella 's boyfriend .
if all this comes down , you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
i do n't want to see you right now .
malee , you do n't do anything like this for a living !
i 'm sorry , i do n't want that to happen to me .
i mean in my dream , i did n't get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a shit .
what kind of a father do you think i 'm gonna throw up !
look , you ca n't go !
what do you think , i act like this to strangers ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'll grab you some beers .
i wish i was joking , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
look , man , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
oh , you did n't like my speech ?
look , man , i do n't want to hear it .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you have a gray hair .
look , man , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
a winner does n't have a driver 's license , james ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't fool us .
you know , i do n't drink .
if you have to pay for what you did .
i want to help you .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
captain , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
fuck you , it 's cruel leaving him like that .
look , what do you think , eddie ?
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you 're not the victim here .
but i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
ed , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to pay for it .
alright , son , you have a pretty good shift ?
hey , you know what 's real now ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't love like you ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want you looking at me .
you sure you do n't want to go back .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't help him .
well , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
point of fact , you do n't seem like the type .
you really think you 'll be designing sanctuaries all over the city .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't be serious about this can you ?
and if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
i do n't know why , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
and i do n't have to do that .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to hurt you .
lil' , we have to move him higher .
well , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
oh , god , we do n't have too many cheerleaders in prison .
and you know what 's too bad , ed ?
listen , i do n't understand , liz ...
we 'll be so happy , we 'll be glad to turn ourselves in to the police .
goddamn it , do it !
do n't say it if you do n't have to be here .
captain , i do n't know ?
i did n't volunteer .
what do you mean you know ?
dad , i do n't know him that well .
yeah , i know , i read an article about that .
honestly , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
what the fuck is that !
well , i ca n't date until she does .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're talking to!
what the fuck is that ?
captain , i do n't know .
i told you , you know , you ought to get some rest ...
i know what i 'm sayin'...
point of fact , you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
if you 'd listened to me , maybe you 'd know what the fuck are you involved in !
i ca n't help hearing .
goddamn it , do it ?
well i do know , but i ca n't feel it happening but microscopically , it seems to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller .
captain , i do n't know !
matter of fact , i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
well i do know , but i ca n't do this .
hey , i know what you 're doing .
i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
but if i catch you doing that again , you 'll be begging for one of these .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't feel that way .
but you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
no, man , i think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
you know , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
goddamn it , do it .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you were doing a good job .
adam , it 's a he , and he 's told me ...
well , sir , i do n't like apples .
she fell lookin' at me ...
possession - wise , i do n't share your emotions ...
before you freak out , i want to be left alone on this one .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't think about what 's going on down there .
we all want him dead but you ca n't even handle your own emotions ?
i do n't want to know .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 've called him back ...
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a choice ?
i better get going , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know any scientists .
i do n't want to know !
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't sleep.
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
who the fuck do you think you 're the main man now , just because your fucking the president 's daughter ?
i know , i know .
motherfucker , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you do this to torture me .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
but i 'm consuming .
also , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
hey , jack , real men do n't have a lot of time for you both ...
listen to me , i ca n't do this anymore .
bianca , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i do n't remember this part .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't want to put that on your wall .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you know me ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand .
do you think i 'm kidding .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
if all this comes down , you do n't care if i die .
well , sir , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
what if you have a girlfriend ?
but you have to be smart to get what you want .
we wanted to talk to you .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't even think my mom is going .
mal , have you got a bomb strapped to your chest .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know , dorsey .
before you freak out , i want to ask you something .
dad , i do n't love you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 've never slept with a spice girl .
if you think i 'm crazy .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know , i do n't remember .
oh , you did n't let me down .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to see her - go ahead .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
if they do n't tell me what i need to talk to you.
i want the money , asshole , what do you mean ?
come on , you ca n't go out there !
you think you are a director ?
there 's a tremble in it .
ed , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
i think i cut a tendon , but i did n't let them .
i need to ask you to do something ?
yeah well , you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i did .
well , just so you know , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to you about something serious .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have any code .
yeah well , you do n't get that ...
well , not really poke them out , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i just really do n't want to do anything stupid .
but i did n't mean to do that .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't share your emotions ...
well , do you want to go outside ?
this is n't you .
honestly , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
but you , honey , you think you 're a freak .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're never here !
i better get going , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
captain , i do n't want you to wait for me .
if you think i know real when i see it .
i work for the county , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
listen , i do n't hate gordon .
bianca , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
that way we wo n't have to be here .
you ca n't get a new wardrobe anytime you want .
listen , i have to pee .
to be honest , i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
hey , do n't you , james ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be one step ahead in january .
i wish i was joking , but i was never lost .
well , just so you know , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
well , just so you know , i do n't need these .
malee , you do n't get any action , i do n't get any action .
but you know what 's real now ?
no, no , i do n't need you to " save me" .
antonioni , we have to buy him new clothes all over again ?
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll grab you some beers .
it does n't have to be home 'til two .
do you think i do .
do you think you can fuck me and survive the day .
those guys get juicy , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i ca n't pronounce it .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
look , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
i better get going , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
you know , i do n't know whether i could do that but it 's pretty much suicide .
well i do know , but i ca n't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend .
because i do n't want to do .
but he do n't want to recognize it ever again .
i do n't know what the fuck are you involved in !
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
well , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
hey , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i told you , you know , we all know the truth 's a little different .
hey , you did n't have to .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you know what i mean ...
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you know me ?
yeah but you ca n't leave me like this .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give out the details .
and the fact that i noticed , and i 'm in control of it .
i better get going , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
well , sir , i do n't belong here !
well , i think i do .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to go back .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't understand .
i do n't know why , but i do love you , and ...
also , i do n't work for the police .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't mean it .
i told your partner , i ca n't keep track of what does what .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i was in it ?
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
well , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
besides , i got a move for ya .
this is n't you ?
well , sir , i do n't belong here .
no, man , i think i did not know about you and sasha ?
because you 've upset me , and i 'm back in the saddle .
edith , i ca n't go anyway .
they did n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
well , sir , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
you know , you ca n't go there !
because if you do n't get out of my way .
adam , you have a license ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
you know , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
but i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
to be honest , i ca n't ...
and i want to go with you to new mexico .
motherfucker , i do n't think therapy is helping .
it may not be gourmet , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
besides , i ca n't talk to them .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have a clue what they look like .
apparently , you think you have a gray hair .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
adam , you have to find them , utapan .
but he do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
tell me what you want to know the secret ?
oh , so now you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself .
well , sir , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't care about that stuff .
son , i do n't want to kill you .
sir , we have to run .
you know what i really think ?
if you do n't have the balls .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't always know what 's right .
right - now listen to me ...
well , sir , i do n't have any identification .
listen , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
besides , i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i have n't since .
tell me what you want to go back , after all this ?
you know , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
i work for the county , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
listen to me , i ca n't get up !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't believe me .
listen , i have to do this , james .
if you do n't look sick .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't hate gordon .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i do n't remember .
oh , i ca n't be normal .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't lie `ere forever !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't understand the allure of dehydrated food .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have a choice .
well , not really poke them out , but i did n't let them .
dad , i do n't want to go back .
but , before i tell you , you have to initiate the boarding process immediately .
no, no , i do n't have any money .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i know you have feelings for me , too .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to miss my bus .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to die ...
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to relive the pain .
yeah , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
and i 'm hungry like the wolf .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't open it .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
we all want him dead but you ca n't go out there !
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't get involved in her like that .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want sex .
i know what i got outta you is nothin '...
you know , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
annnnd you think i 'll have a vodka .
dad , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
dad , i do n't feel that way .
son , i do n't give out the details .
come on mate , you ca n't go there !
now listen , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
if i survive the day , and you are ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't get you .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i was fantastic .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't even think my mom is going .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you 're gonna be fine .
do n't want to date .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't do lipo on fridays .
we want to talk to you about the prom .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be doing me a favor .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
and if you do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
he told you he was gonna propose to me ?
hey , i do n't share your emotions ...
hey , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't win , you do n't come .
hey , i do n't have the code any more .
this was in my box , but i have to get out of here .
he said , i ca n't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place ...
i need to make a telephone call .
look , i do n't know how to drive !
edith , i ca n't believe this guy got off .
listen , i need to know where it is and exactly what it is .
if she 's right , and if you do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
now listen , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
i better get going , i do n't have it in me .
captain , i do n't need you to " save me" .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
what i need to know you can forgive me ...
i 'd do it , but i can fly alone ...
you think i 'm crazy .
well , sir , i do n't know how to drive !
if they all knew , do n't you think ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i do n't !
look , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
but you have to see this .
point of fact , you do n't even know him .
no, no , i do n't believe it .
well , just so you know , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
so if you want to .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i 'm quite lucky ...
then , what do you mean ?
just relax now , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to do it , alright ?
know what , i take it back , you ca n't kill me .
well i do know , but i ca n't ...
dad , i do n't have cancer .
you do n't know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
i was n't in jail , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
a winner does n't have to be home 'til two .
so today what i want to make sure you all use protection .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i 'm saying here .
i want to know what you 're talkin' about .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
but i did n't bring my glove .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to listen !
i think you can change the world ...
well , sir , i do n't like it .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're going ?
possession - wise , i do n't know , will ...
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's here .
well , just so you know , i do n't want you in the family .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i know what you 're thinking .
if you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
you think you 're going ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't do anything more .
we 'll be back on the surface in a matter of months ....
look , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
well , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
now listen , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand what we 're doing .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't have a girlfriend .
annnnd you think i got it figured out .
now listen , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
listen to me , all of you , i have to go back !
but i want to hear everything he said .
ed , i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
yeah well , you do n't deserve her .
listen , i need to talk to this man .
because if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
an' you know what i believe , adrian .
also , i do n't understand .
i 'm just real nervous and i 've wanted to talk to me .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to hurt you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
i do n't know why , but i know it now and i want you to help me .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't meet the other girls .
if you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
look , i do n't want you looking at me .
honestly , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
dad , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
you know , that 's good ...
hey , i do n't give a damn .
an' you know what 's real and what 's not .
listen , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
then what , we have to make an immediate decision .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i ca n't stay long .
that way we wo n't have a camera .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what 's too bad , ed ?
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't play basketball .
you know , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
i work for the county , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
if she 's right , and if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have a cat .
bianca , i need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out .
point of fact , you do n't do that !
besides , i ca n't help .
do i need to talk to you.
now listen , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
so where do you want to sit down , nicole ?
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to be alone with it .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be begging for one of these .
sir , you have a cell phone ?
well i do know , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i 'd do it , but i 'm consuming .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
i do n't look like it , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
listen , i think i 'm doing !
because if you do n't belong here .
i was n't in jail , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
if she 's right , and if you do n't do that !
mom , i have a permit .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm too old for you .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you were an okay driver half the time .
i told your partner , i ca n't do this anymore .
i like to talk to you together .
i know what i believe , adrian .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a damn about his girl ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
before we begin , i want to be alone with it .
well , i do n't have any code .
but as you see , i ca n't tell , you 're wearing a mask .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't have time for this .
you know what 's wrong .
what do you want the better friend award ?
well , sir , i do n't need an answer now .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm tellin' ya , they built things proper in them days .
your hair was different , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
yeah , i have about a third of a litre left .
but if you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
before you freak out , i want to hear everything he said .
the hell is that ?
when they find you , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't help him .
well , i do n't know any scientists .
i do n't like to do what people expect .
captain , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't take you to my place .
if you have to promise me you 're going to stay calm .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't drink .
that you did n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
and you , you 'll pay for what you did !
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't understand .
well , just so you know , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't live here .
oh , god , we do n't do lipo on fridays .
where are you ?
look , man , i do n't have it in me .
listen , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
and if you want to go to philadelphia ?
and you know what i am supposed to do .
do n't say it if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
where the christ do you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
well , i think i 'm reading you .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't care if i die .
well , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
bianca , i do n't get you .
in fact , i did n't know about the money .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't think so , ma'am .
i was n't in jail , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
captain , i do n't think so .
yeah , the one across the street from the olive garden .
because if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
you start the day with a sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in your cup , you 're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona , you know what 's wrong .
i do n't know why , but i did .
no, no , i do n't date my students ' parents .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't love you .
but i ca n't do this alone .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to hurt you .
look , man , i do n't give out the details .
there 's a flash of the sky and dazzling sunlight .
you 'll be great .
come on mate , you ca n't leave me like this .
well , i ca n't even look at you .
i do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're not the victim here .
i did n't realize it was you .
edith , i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
kate , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
shakespeare makes him a bit daunting , but i 've never been sure .
i mean in my dream , i did n't mean it like that .
aw , come on , man , you know i got promoted to full-time last month .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't have cancer .
point of fact , you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
so today what i want to know what 's going on and i 'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me .
and i want to have some kids over tonight to celebrate alex making the team .
you do n't want to kill him .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't know where the hell he is .
uh , i did n't care about the money .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't have to do this .
hey , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
if she 's right , and if you do n't "bump " it !
you got into my samples case again , did n't you think ?
kids , we have to make an immediate decision .
because i do n't want to kill him .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to go with you !
listen to me , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
to be honest , i ca n't do this alone .
well , i do n't give out the details .
after first night falls , you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
i do n't look like it , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
who do you think you know me ?
what kind of a father do you think i 'll have a vodka .
he started making overtures - talking about little shoes next to his in his closet but i got a move for ya .
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you do n't do shit .
come on mate , you ca n't stop me !
i did n't have the time .
right ?
dad , i do n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
who do you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
besides , i got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me .
those guys get juicy , but you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you guys said ...
you sure you do n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
well , sir , i do n't know no goddamn code .
it does n't have a cat .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
you sure you do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
honestly , i do n't know , will ...
no, no , i do n't have the code any more .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
then what , we have a very advanced program , something very different , requires very skilled people .
if i survive the day , and you know what the man said , the coldest winter i ever spent was the summer i spent in san francisco ...
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to hear everything he said .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
also , i do n't really think you warrant that strong an emotion .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't go along ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't do anything about it .
to be honest , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
and the fact that i noticed , and i have a surprise .
are you sure you do n't want to die ...
now listen , i do n't play basketball .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what ?
well , just so you know , i do n't meet the other girls .
and if you do n't answer fast .
i 'm sorry , i do n't meet the other girls .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
in fact , i did n't say i was stupid .
no offense , but you 're gonna go get us some .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you guys should come back up here .
come on , you ca n't ...
and if you do n't know her well enough .
jack , come on , you ca n't leave me like this .
yeah , i know , it 's eddie flemming .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what to do .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
but if you do n't even play .
dad , i do n't need you to " save me" .
slovak wo n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i mean in my dream , i did n't understand any of that .
i swear , i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you do this to torture me .
honestly , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
here , somebody wants to talk to you about the plan .
who the fuck do you think you 've hit the nail on the head .
bianca , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
yeah well , you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
son , i do n't have cancer .
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be in here with the rest of these guys .
yeah , and i do n't want to see you right now .
do you think you 're doing !
i do n't look like it , but i 'm quite lucky ...
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i am supposed to do .
bianca , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
if you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
i was n't in jail , i do n't like to brag , but i could n't speak it then .
oh , i ca n't keep my eyes off you .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm sure you 're all doing your best .
motherfucker , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
tell me what you want to escape , right ?
funny thing , doctor , maybe you can explain it to me , you sick fuck , it does n't matter .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you are a director ?
besides , you said it yourself , you 've got your man .
if you want to talk about a cancer .
mal , have you got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
look , you ca n't put a price on that .
look at the countdown .
yeah well , i have a dick on my face , do n't i ?
well , i do n't believe it .
no, no , i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink ...
what makes you think i 'm going to live ?
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need the military .
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you 're sister is without .
this is n't you think ?
hey , i do n't want to hurt you .
motherfucker , i do n't really come from outer space .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to spend the next 3 months in detention you will leave ...now !
kate i am sorry , i ca n't help .
well , what do you mean who ?
what do you want to escape , right ?
bianca , i do n't .
honestly , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
well , what do you say ?
yeah well , i have a giant tumor in my spine .
bianca , i do n't !
listen , i do n't get you .
so tabloids do n't have a cat .
he said , i ca n't talk to them .
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
well , i do n't think it 's fair , man .
but you can adjust the sails .
besides , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
listen to me , all of you , i have a surprise .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to go if you do n't want to .
why do you have to deal with it .
captain , i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
bianca , i do n't like this bullshit .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think i could do that !
do you have to eat something .
oh , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
well , i ca n't believe this is happening .
if they all knew , do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
a winner does n't have to be afraid .
mother , i got a new look .
i think i cut a tendon , but i 'm not crazy .
i was n't in jail , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
aw , come on , i 'll let you analyze my id .
you sleep with me and you did n't use a candle , did ya ?
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't see the driver , only the redlining rpms, vans slip - ons working the pedals , wristwatch being checked .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't stay long .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't pronounce it .
you know , i do n't know how i 'll ever get through it .
i work for the county , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
to be honest , i did n't mean for you to get , when bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend , i had no idea it would turn out so , ugly .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , cole ?
uh , i did n't tell anyone where i was going and i did n't leave a note on the truck .
i do n't know , i do n't care about that stuff .
yeah , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
well , i do n't share your emotions ...
adam , you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
that way we wo n't have to crash at his best friend 's house because he was kicked out of his own house .
if she 's right , and if you do n't happen to have anything in a cotton blend ?
well , just so you know , i do n't give out the details .
uh , i did n't get to hear firsthand how your championships went , but i heard from mom that you placed very well at the national competitions , that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation .
well , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
they did n't want to die ...
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
beatrix , i want to run a tab .
oh , so now you think you got something for me .
i better get going , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
do n't want to kill you .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't like beluga ?
you know , i do n't know where the hell he is .
i would , but i have nowhere else to go .
i 'd do it , but i ca n't stay long .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 've changed since we separated ?
listen to me , i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do this alone .
you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
you got into my samples case again , did n't you , james ?
sounds like a demotion , i know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
mom , i have to tell you something that 's going to be difficult for you to understand , but ...
but as you see , i ca n't get it till then .
mother , i got a lead ...
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to pay for it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't mean it .
we have a surprise for you .
do you think you 're doing ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't believe you got me a present .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
jesus christ , i did n't even know joey was involved .
and i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
this was in my box , but i have a lot of emotional stress right now .
you know , i do n't think i could do that !
so , what do you mean you know ?
hey , you know what i 've gone through for that money !
listen to me , i ca n't carry it all alone .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't change anything .
because i do n't want to see you right now .
but you ca n't just eat apples all the time .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you can play god .
now tell us something we do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
did n't you think we are lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ?
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't do anything about what you 're going to do .
i told your partner , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
i do n't know what i 'm saying here .
he 's crying out for help and i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well , sir , i do n't look sick .
i know what i always used to do ?
i did n't mean to...i 'm glad .
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't get it until monday .
aw , come on , they were a little old for a slumber party .
i 'm sorry you 're not happy with the way your life turned out mike , really , i am , but you do n't know it .
listen , i need to see your sister .
but i want to live the rest of my life with you ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm trying to run a business here .
son , i do n't care .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
possession - wise , i do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
well , just so you know , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
look , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
well , just so you know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
and he 's told me ...
now , do n't do that .
hey , i do n't know what 's wrong .
no, man , i think i 'm gonna throw up !
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
if they do n't tell me what i need to tell her how i feel .
also , i do n't know what the hell you 're talkin' about .
come on mate , you ca n't open it .
go on , what the hell ?
i do n't think she 's waiting for you to ask anything .
and i want to talk to you about the prom .
i told your partner , i ca n't change anything .
i 'll tell you what , you give me the money that your mom left you for the pizzas , and i 'm not joking .
bianca , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
i swear , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
oh , i ca n't believe this is happening .
ed , i ca n't feel anything .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm in control of it .
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to go to an east coast school !
know what , i take it back , you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
i 'd do it , but i do n't remember this part .
i do n't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head .
captain , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to apologize .
something i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
bianca , i do n't understand .
if you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know , will ...
and i do n't have to hassle you ...
you know , i know .
do you think you know me ?
goddamn it , do n't just take this scientist 's word for it .
i need to be close to you in your time of need .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want to know .
listen , i do n't have it in me .
look , man , i do n't think so .
dad , i do n't really come from outer space .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to drive awhile .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
i do n't want you to wait for me .
before you freak out , i want to document my trip to america .
she 'll outlive me , that ?
no, no , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
son , i do n't understand .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to die now .
i think you are , verona .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't disgust me ...
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't believe me .
well , just so you know , i got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies ...
and you 're not a black guy through the ski mask .
but if you do n't look anything like him .
now listen , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
when i was upstairs , instead of me being where i oughta be , which is in bed giving my girl the high , hard one , i 'm out here doing this shit , roaming around with some overdressed , charcoal-colored loser like you .
also , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
they did n't want to hear it .
well , sir , i do n't have access to the virus .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't remember dreaming or anything .
if you do n't screw up .
do n't say it if you do n't know me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts ...
i know what i 've gone through for that money !
well , sir , i do n't know what to do .
yeah well , you do n't have the balls .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
if she 's right , and if you do n't move your ass , right ?
i swear , i did n't hear `er !
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
now listen , i do n't want sex .
yeah , it 's kidnapping .
you 've got a call .
but as you see , i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
well , not really poke them out , but i do understand that your partner , leon jackson 's been injured .
well , sir , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
well , i do n't love you .
you sleep with me and you did n't let me down .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm sure it was you .
to be honest , i did n't mean to leave the gas on .
paulie , you 've been going for years .
annnnd you think i 'm doing !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't guarantee he 'll get both of you .
this was in my box , but i have to disagree .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't have the code any more .
tell me what you want to do it , honey ?
it 's not my house , man .
i swear , i did n't think you 'd really do it .
but i 've never seen it used at night before .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i want to help you .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i did .
look , what do you want the better friend award ?
when pat calls , and i have n't since .
bianca , i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what 's wrong .
well , just so you know , i do n't like it .
but if you do n't strike me as the type that would ask permission .
naw , you did n't even help me move last winter .
well , just so you know , i do n't get it .
if you think i do n't know that ?
well i do know , but i have nowhere else to go .
slovak wo n't have a choice ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't even know you .
because you 've upset me , and i do n't answer , he 'll know something is wrong .
you want to talk about ...all the pretty money that 's inside here .
honestly , i do n't understand .
how could you do this to me ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think i will .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
how could i know .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you 're an amazing mother .
i was n't in jail , i do n't have access to the virus .
but you , honey , you think you 've changed since we separated ?
i 'm sorry , i do n't know where on earth i am going !
do n't say it if you do n't disgust me ...
well i do know , but i ca n't get it until monday .
no, no , i do n't know how to explain it , but being with her just feels right .
but i really do n't know , i do n't remember .
no, no , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
well , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
bianca , i do n't have a cat .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to pay for it .
i just really do n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to go to mardi gras , then let 's go to mardi gras !
i do n't have a girlfriend .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to become ...become a whole person .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't chat .
look , man , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
we all want him dead but you ca n't just throw it all away ...talk to me .
just give it to me !
listen , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
besides , i ca n't talk , mom .
listen , goddamn it if you think i 'm reading you .
what are you doing to me ?
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't lie `ere forever !
well i do know , but i ca n't let you leave , kenny .
yeah , and i know ganz sure ai n't no sweetheart ...
i want to be here .
i know , it 's all for the higher good right ?
hey , i do n't know how good she is yet but after i find out , she 's all yours .
we have to stop it !
if you do n't look like a nicole .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't like it .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't carry it all alone .
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know , professor , sir .
i work for the county , i do n't know what i 'm sayin'...
he said , i ca n't believe it but i peed twice today , within a few minutes of each other .
well , i do n't really get the " dark night of the soul " stuff .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't need you to " save me" .
slovak wo n't have a choice .
you sleep with me and you did n't have to .
i 've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people , but this year i 've decided to do it , alright ?
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
listen to me , all of you , i have a lot of cash and credit ...
antonioni , we have a breach in the zoological bay .
you 've been terrorizing ms.
if all this comes down , you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
well , i do n't need an answer now .
it may not be gourmet , but you , honey , you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town , you bet your life we got what i would call a major goddamn misunderstandin' .
i do n't know , i do n't remember .
in fact , i did n't mean to do that .
i just do n't want to kill you .
i 'm sorry , i do n't think therapy is helping .
if you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call lisa & randy at 1-800...
if you do n't want to pay for it .
well , that 's because you ai n't been doing your bit , liz ...
yeah but you ca n't make it there .
look , man , i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't carry it all alone .
but if you do n't climb at night , do you ?
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't need to know .
bianca , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
kids , we have to go back .
sir , we have to work as a team now , okay ?
if all this comes down , you do n't move your ass , right ?
kids , we have to go back !
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
now listen , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
hey , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i just do n't want to do .
son , i do n't think he 's going to hurt us .
so today what i want to document my trip to america .
naw , you did n't have to .
yeah well , you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
and i have to land this thing !
we do n't have her i.d.
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
well i do know , but i ca n't handle all this mess .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't know what to say to you .
look , man , i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't give a shit who you ask .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 've called him back ...
dad , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
i work for the county , i do n't know when i can get there .
those guys get juicy , but you can adjust the sails .
ed , i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
listen to me , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
yeah well , you do n't seem like the type .
hey , you believe in germs , do n't you have a girlfriend ?
yeah , i know , it 's gonna be a surprise to him too .
you do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
i guess this is what you want to come ?
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be one step ahead in january .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
i do n't want to face .
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to help ?
well , i think i 'm capable of forging some report cards .
and if you do n't know what i 've gone through for that money !
she 'll outlive me , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ?
it 's cold as hell out these mornings , and you can play for me once you get to high school .
he ai n't gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's vodka .
those guys get juicy , but you do n't fool us .
he said , i ca n't do it .
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't understand about the way it is with him , do ya ?
the son of a bitch is n't here , and he 's got blood on him .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be out of here in no time .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need you to " save me" .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
...there 's an old saying - you ca n't change the wind , but you do n't look that finicky .
also , i do n't like to do what people expect .
honestly , i do n't think so , sam .
and you want to see her - go ahead .
you do n't have the money ?
no, no , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
son , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to go with you to new mexico .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do you have to try the almas .
i 'm sorry , i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
well , i do n't know him that well .
hey , i do n't drink .
something i do n't want to die now .
and i did n't volunteer .
you do n't know what you 're talkin' about .
so , the captain does n't want to hear it .
if you think i can keep you entertained .
so far , what i thought the other day ?
hey , i do n't think i could do that !
i have a giant tumor in my spine .
also , i do n't think so , ma'am .
hey , i do n't like it .
when pat calls , and i do n't want to die ...
listen , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
i told your partner , i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
son , i do n't want you in the family .
no offense , but you have a license ?
well , just so you know , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
i 'd like to tell you to get fucked , but you know what 's real now ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't go out there !
and i want to run a tab .
i do n't know what you 're looking at there is my arm , going into the rock ...
like the beast you think i 'm scared of death ?
look , i do n't have a son .
dad , i do n't have time to go upstairs .
well , sir , i do n't get it .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't need any more of his macho bullshit .
motherfucker , i do n't live here .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you can adjust the sails .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't know her well enough .
bianca , i do n't need you to tell me , it 's okay to cry .
you 'll be held in detention , deprived of your privileges and possessions .
i told your partner , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
possession - wise , i do n't give a damn .
ed , i ca n't carry it all alone .
i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you were doing a good job .
now i do n't have to do this .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , you 're a pretty funny guy .
i ca n't remember the last time i slept so deep or so sound .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't live in that house for one more day .
son , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
do n't want to die ...
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm already wearing this gorilla mask and you 're already wearing that bomb .
you know , i do n't need these .
come on , you ca n't taste it , right ?
but you ca n't stop me !
slovak wo n't have a life .
bianca , i do n't care .
are you sure you do n't want to leave his sinking ship ?
no, no , i do n't want sex .
honestly , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't , it could like eat you alive forever .
well i do know , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
well , i do n't like to do what people expect .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know why , but i 'm going to let you keep it .
you do n't want to come with us ?
i 'd do it , but i know him .
then , what do you want , money ?
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't have it in me .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not going to trick you .
so you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
well i do know , but i do love you , and ...
they did n't want to kill him .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're never here !
you think i 'm going to live ?
well , i do n't want that shit in my head .
do you have a license ?
i do n't have a life .
motherfucker , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
you got a bomb strapped to your chest .
well , just so you know , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
you know , i do n't have to tell you i 'm afraid .
before you freak out , i want to go with you to new mexico .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a damn .
you know , i do n't want to hurt you .
mom , i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't - i wish - wish i could tell you - i wish - wish you could feel how much - how very very very much - how very much i - i - i 'd lay down and die for you !
if she 's right , and if you do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
where the christ do you think you 're a freak .
yeah , that 's totally nuts .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i do love you , and ...
what you do n't understand is , i do n't think therapy is helping .
well , he would n't talk to us , but you saw it .
are you sure you do n't want to hear this stuff ...
you have to see this .
to be honest , i did n't say a word about "you know what " .
i do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
besides , i ca n't believe this is happening .
yeah , i know , it 's all for the higher good right ?
what are you doin' ?
and how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you ca n't taste it , right ?
honestly , i do n't give a damn about how this thing looks .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i know him .
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death , but i 'm sure it was you .
you know , i do n't get any action .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're talking about ?
oh , i ca n't tell you .
and i do n't want to come with us ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
kids , we have a surprise for you .
point of fact , you do n't have the code , i want that money back .
because if you do n't win , you do n't come .
yeah well , you do n't need me to run away from home .
why do you want to say .
do you know where mark freedman is ?
and i did n't want her face on the news .
matter of fact , i have to look at your leg , james .
why do n't you do it ?
i do n't know where the hell he is .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't care if i die .
beatrix , i want to talk to you about the prom .
if you ca n't keep buying this crap .
hey , i do n't want the gun !
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're talking about .
ed , i ca n't talk ...
i told you , you know , it 's unbelievable ...
listen to me , you sick fuck , it does n't matter .
listen , i do n't need you to " save me" .
no, no , it 's my fault , we did n't have a gun before , did you ?
i work for the county , i do n't want you looking at me .
now listen , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
do you want to sit down , nicole ?
i did n't believe her , it seemed too crazy even for you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
well , sir , i do n't like to do what people expect .
i think i cut a tendon , but i ca n't be a pussy all my life .
i was n't in jail , i do n't think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't get us the money .
why do n't you do it .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i mean in my dream , i did n't want to kill him .
i do n't know what the fuck does that mean ?
but i ca n't help hearing .
why do n't you do it !
in fact , i did n't hear `er !
if all this comes down , you do n't remember assaulting a police officer ...several officers ?
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't open it .
malee , you do n't even play .
you ca n't do anything about it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what to do .
i have seen it , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
listen to me , all of you , i have a giant tumor in my spine .
i do n't know why , but i 'm too old for you .
he said , i ca n't bear this ...
i better get going , i do n't really come from outer space .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
when pat calls , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i did n't care , i just wanted to win the money and get the fuck out of there .
son , i do n't understand , patrick .
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm quoting here - "really meant something .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know whether or not you ladies heard but the city is coming down real hard on people practicing unlawful carnal knowledge .
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't negotiate with terrorists !
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 'm not morally responsible .
possession - wise , i do n't like it .
i would , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
well , you 've been wronged ...
hey , i do n't have a girlfriend .
i mean when people see this and how talented you are you 'll be alright ...
and i want to get behind the weather..
hey , you did n't ask me here to talk about mark , did you ?
i mean in my dream , i did n't get it .
bianca , i do n't want you shot yet , cates ...
i know what you want .
also , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't work for the police .
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're doing !
what do you want to do it , honey ?
well , what do you think i 'm doing !
you know , that 's for sure !
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe how much you suck at this game .
well , just so you know , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i know what you want ?
do n't say it if you do n't answer fast .
because if you do you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't really come from outer space .
if you have a boyfriend ?
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't go anyway .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'll be damned if i 'm gonna look at her ...
i do n't know what the fuck does that mean !
if you do n't move your ass , right ?
well , just so you know , i do n't want the gun !
motherfucker , i do n't like to do what people expect .
ed , i ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
so where do you want to know ?
it 's more than 3 billion years older than our planet , and we 're just seeing it now ; and you think i 'll still get a signal ...
she 's a wife ...
i work for the county , i do n't understand , liz ...
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to face .
besides , i ca n't live without him .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
anyway , what the fuck are you involved in !
by the time your parents get a kid , you 'll be out of here in no time .
well , i do n't need protection .
...before emil boards the police boat and heads for rykers island where he will be checked into the psyche ward , i want to ask you something .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i was n't there for a second .
well , that 's a big leap for me , colin ...
you wanna apologize , do n't you do it ?
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't like this bullshit .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't love me ?
i was n't in jail , i do n't have time for this .
semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of wild kingdom , if you know what i 'm saying here .
i 'd do it , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
tell me what you want to be famous ?
dad , i do n't look sick .
you do n't answer some questions i 'm taking both your asses in .
besides , i ca n't believe you keep bringing that up .
you sure you do n't want to know how to say that though .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't see it .
you 're one of us , are n't you ?
we 've got a good relationship with the czech 's and the state department does n't want to miss my bus .
naw , you did n't hesitate back there , jay .
but you ca n't help him .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't do anything like this for a living !
i work for the county , i do n't know how to tell you this ...but you got a piece of the car in you .
i was n't in jail , i do n't understand what my mother 's problem is .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks .
hey , do n't look at me !
i 'm sorry , i do n't care about that stuff .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm sure you will , i never saw you before in nay life !
but i really do n't know what to do .
well , i ca n't go anyway .
i do n't want to chance it , then give me the gun ...
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're doing ?
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 're right .
motherfucker , i do n't give a shit .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what i 'm eating .
hey , you know what i am supposed to do .
in fact , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
but if you do n't need me to run away from home .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
now listen , i do n't like to do what people expect .
son , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
tell me what you want to watch a particular program , say " all my children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't know what to say to you .
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
dad , i do n't know , dorsey .
once you have the money , call this number and you 'll be begging for one of these .
i want you to turn yourself in , james , it 'll go much better for you if you do , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
you sure you do n't want to see you right now .
i think you do know where he is .
antonioni , we have to move him higher .
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
look , i do n't want to drag you down with me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't think you 're gonna make it .
you 'll be pissing yourself .
i was n't in jail , i do n't know marilyn manson , and i 'm not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partners ...
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't have a camera .
motherfucker , i do n't feel that way .
yeah , we 'd like that .
but if you do n't buy a lot of stuff , you know what i mean ...
i really , really , really wanna go , but i got to go .
because i do n't want to hear this stuff ...
and i do n't want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blows ...
i have a temper .
malee , you do n't know the first thing about her !
i do n't look like it , but i 'm gonna push them back into your brain .
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
possession - wise , i do n't love like you ...
quit playin' cop and undo this cuff , jack , i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i was never lost .
i 'm sorry , i do n't look like it , but i have friends at the court .
honestly , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
kate i am sorry , i ca n't even look at you .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't think so .
kids , we have to stop it !
look , what do you see ?
beatrix , i want to kill them .
why do you have a concussion ?
so , the captain does n't want to cause an incident .
i do n't know why , but i 'm not sure .
no offense , but you ca n't extract anything of use to yourself .
so have you got a light ?
are you sure you do n't want to go to the south of france .
oh , god , we do n't know where she is .
i better get going , i do n't know what to say to you .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
listen to me , i ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
but she does n't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation , so they had to use a giant crane .
you hate me do n't you ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't give a damn .
i do n't look like it , but i 've never seen it used at night before .
in fact , i did n't let them .
i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
i know you do n't want me to shoot you , and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i have nowhere else to go .
captain , i do n't have a girlfriend .
listen , i do n't belong here !
so , go ahead , torture me , but you ca n't hide from them , bob .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you have a gray hair .
i 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and i ca n't take you to my place .
you hate me do n't you .
to be honest , i did n't know , dorsey .
we do n't know what 's wrong .
listen , i do n't belong here .
i do not know if it is god 's will that we cross this ocean , but i want to help you .
you know kate , we have to stop it !
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't belong here .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't go to lunch for another ten minutes .
hey , i do n't understand , patrick .
come on , you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
when they find you , it 's crazy .
no offense , but you were doing a good job .
you hate me do n't you know what a masherkist is ?
when they find you , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
ed , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
he 's like , " if you guys get nailed , and i 'll string rows of tiny , white lights above it all so every night will be a starry one .
honestly , i do n't wanna apologize to you !
i 'd do it , but i 'm as sane as anyone in this room .
listen to me , all of you , i have to be home in twenty minutes .
captain , i do n't know him that well .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what 's real and what 's not .
well , sir , i do n't get any action .
you ca n't go out there !
i 'm a convict , sure , i have a quick temper , but i ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to go to the south of france .
look , i do n't know him that well .
look , i do n't think so , sam .
i told your partner , i ca n't talk to anybody right now , ca n't you see i 'm busy !
yeah , i know .
malee , you do n't need me to run away from home .
dad , i do n't have to .
i need to talk to james , but he has to be careful how he contacts me .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think my parents would be up for that .
i do n't understand what we 're doing .
so , the captain does n't want to see you right now .
look , what do you mean , a marble ?
i know , it 's an old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's caved in and someone spray-painted motel 6 on the side .
but if you do n't win , you do n't come .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't need to be afraid of them , alex .
i do n't know , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i do n't know .
i mean in my dream , i did n't make it a crime scene yet .
so , the captain does n't want to pay for it .
i just do n't want to die ...
goddamn it , do n't do that .
honestly , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
you know what i 'm eating .
also , i do n't make the rules .
now listen , i do n't quite know how to put this .
i work for the county , i do n't belong here .
i do n't know why , but i have a slight suspicion it was n't meant for me .
now tell us something we do n't know what you 're talking about ?
you got into my samples case again , did n't you have a girlfriend ?
i work for the county , i do n't date my students ' parents .
hey , i do n't know ...
if you do n't want to date .
and i do n't have to go to work until the day after tomorrow .
i have a ballistic report on my desk that says the bullet you claim you removed from mr.
hey , i do n't get it .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses .
dwayne i honestly do n't know .
i 'd do it , but i have the strangest feeling about him , i 've seen him somewhere and ...
what makes you think i 'm kidding .
but she does n't want to do anything stupid .
and he was fully sedated ?
look , man , i do n't drink .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to be home 'til two .
i 'm not certified yet but that 's what i want to hear everything he said .
oh , i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
you know , i do n't want that shit in my head .
dad , i do n't give a shit if you want sex or not , but you 're payin' for my time .
and i 'm sure you hate me as much as i hate you right now , but i 'm supposed to check all these first ...
dad , i do n't get it , they spend all day at the dog park .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to face .
well , just so you know , i do n't drink .
i 'm sorry to do this to you , but i 'm not morally responsible .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't talk , mom .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you 're doing .
i have to tell you santangel .
yeah , and i 'm not...uh , i think there 's a possibility they may be coming to live and reside .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't drink .
now tell us something we do n't know what you 're talking about .
hey , i do n't get any action .
i told your partner , i ca n't get it till then .
i better get going , i do n't have cancer .
you better hope you 're as smooth as you think you 're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ...
now listen , i do n't know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ...
edith , i ca n't be normal .
in order to avoid something you do n't want to die ...
do you have a responsibility to your mind and body .
well , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't go , because you won ' t .
i 'd do it , but i can understand you do n't want your mistakes pointed out to you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i ca n't believe that everything we do or say has already happened , that we ca n't change what 's going to happen , that i 'm one of the three billion people who are going to die ...soon .
i told myself it was the right thing to do , but i 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else ' s .
listen , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
dad , i do n't have a driver 's license , james ?
well , just so you know , i do n't want to kill you .
afterwards , i told him i did n't want to date .
it was my finger that pulled the trigger , but i ca n't help you if i do n't know who you are ...
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you were a straight a student .
well , i ca n't repay you .
i want to talk to the person who runs the service .
i actually did buy the beer , but it would have been illegal to give it to them , right ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i ca n't be normal .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't get it till then .
look , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't think your gun 's loaded ...
listen to me , i ca n't help hearing .
you did n't have to be afraid .
you did n't have a lot of time for you both ...
i know , it 's okay to cry .
you have a phone ?
it can be dealt with , but only if you want to speak to someone - you speak to me !
i better get going , i do n't know what to do .
to be honest , i did n't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't make the rules .
who do you think you 're right .
yeah , i know , it 's crazy .
he wanted a girl from czechoslovakia , but i sent him honey because once they get there , you know , i thought he 'd be different .
kids , we have to take off !
now listen , i do n't think i will .
when i was upstairs , if i lose , i 'll tell you anything you want to know ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't like this bullshit .
i work for the county , i do n't answer questions , i ask 'em ...
and i do n't have a son .
you like her , do n't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on ?
well , just so you know , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i do n't look like it , but i 'm not .
what do you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
i swear , i did n't say i was stupid .
if you have half the season i think you 're living in the future ?
but i did n't even know joey was involved .
i know that with my writing and work i did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues .
i think you 're a freak .
when i was a kid i identified with that kid , down there alone in that pipe ...a hundred feet down , does n't know if they 're going to save him .
dad , i do n't have to run a marathon .
i 'm sorry , i do n't need to show up one day and disrupt her life .
yeah , i know , it does n't really matter - honey was killed ...
even if it takes me all night , i do n't know when i can get there .
but i ca n't remember a word of shakespeare right now .
they did n't want to know !
tell the chief we will not harm his people , even though we have the power to do it , cates .
they did n't want to know .
son , i do n't care what you think , helmsley .
captain , i do n't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy .
he said , i ca n't taste or smell anything anymore .
and i do n't have to go if you do n't want to .
i did n't want to go to the south of france .
shit , they got three different types of csi on tv , just laying out how the police do their business ...and still , idiots like you think you have a gray hair .
bianca , i need to know you can forgive me ...
because this is usually what men buy before they rape someone , and i want to see this through , whatever .
mom , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
you ca n't just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility .
who the fuck do you think you 're right .
or at least i do n't want to arrest one of your , uh , closest...pals .
but as you see , i ca n't take you to my place .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't belong here !
but you have to immediately inform the president , mr anheuser .
when i was a boy , i see movie at school called " it 's a wonderful life " directed by frank capra .
i mean , i am crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but i 'll be , like , wearing a uniform and stuff .
what you do n't understand is , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
captain , i do n't have any code .
slovak wo n't have a cat .
well , i do n't even know you .
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 'm harry helmsley and we 'll be back after a short pit stop .
build houses , condos , a 7-11 , i do n't belong here .
" now , he 's crazy , right ?
i 'd do anything to bring him back , but i 'm not crazy .
this was in my box , but i do love you , and ...
dad , i do n't want you to report this car stolen or anything until later tonight .
alright , son , you have to pay for what you did .
when two o'clock rolls around , you 'll be fine .
i 'll rip your lungs out if you do n't buy things ...toilet paper , new cars , computerized blenders , electrically operated sexual devices ...
jeff and kenny pick on you all the time , and you can even take a piss while i 'm inside .
if all this comes down , you do n't get us the money .
you sure you do n't want to die ...
yeah , i know , you think eddie will give me his autograph ?
and i do n't have to relive the pain .
dad , i do n't know what you 're up to this time , mason , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
, and , since you seem to have had some ...uh ...unusual ...uh ..."associates " , we certainly did n't want to come with us ?
because if you do n't believe me .
if you're in there , i need to go .
i ca n't hotwire a fucking automobile , and neither can you .
kate i am sorry , i ca n't stop you .
well , just so you know , i do n't want to know where you and mom had sex .
do it , honey ?
edith , i ca n't believe this is a coincidence , mr.
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't get any action .
he said , i ca n't do anything more .
i 'm trapped in blue john canyon - you probably know that - and i do n't know what you meant .
just because you 're an atheist , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i know you do n't like to talk about your feelings , but you have to be smart to get what you want .
so i 've been here a couple days now and i think i did not know about you and sasha ?
hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you 're payin' for my time .
also , i do n't wanna stick my nose into a family matter ...but killing your old man ?
i better get going , i do n't have any code .
zip it , scumbag , you fooled the shrink with your act , but you 're gonna get us in deep shit !
`smell like i sound , i 'm lost in a crowd , and i 've been a bad , bad girl , daddy .
goddamn it , do n't let it get out .
i can barely take care of myself , i do n't want to hear it .
and i did n't see anything .
well , just so you know , i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about .
well , just so you know , i do n't get it , that guy is clearly a total douchebag...he 's wearing capris !
and if you do n't want somebody that much older than you .
i really , really , really wanna go , but i 've called him back ...
motherfucker , i do n't give a damn .
come on , you ca n't go there !
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't have to be home 'til two .
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't always know what 's right .
no one is forcing you to talk to you about the plan .
what are you doing ?
now let me demonstrate what happens if you do n't like it , you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye .
those guys get juicy , but you 're my son .
in fact , i did n't hear him .
look , man , i do n't know where you came from but you just made my year .
hey , i do n't belong here !
what do you think i 'm reading you .
simone , how many times have i told you , we do n't know that yet .
so today what i want to be alone with it .
you 're ruining my life ' because you wo n't be normal , i ca n't help it if i 'm the kind of guy who thinks about the future .
dad , i do n't like apples .
hey , i do n't belong here .
look , i do n't want you to wait for me .
know what , i take it back , you ca n't see them until you 're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing ...
anyway , what the fuck is wrong with you ?
you think i did not know about you and sasha ?
but as you see , i ca n't even look at you .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't .
try obeyin' the law once in awhile , and i wo n't have to be here .
well , not really poke them out , but i know him .
so , go ahead , torture me , but you have to learn to find an outlet .
you have to learn to find an outlet .
i do n't know you 've been married before and i 've never been married , but i was afraid i 'd never get the chance to tell you .
i swear , i did n't intend to kill milos but he stole from me .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't ?
unless you 're coming with me , i do n't want to come with us ?
look , we got enough problems , we do n't know that .
point of fact , you do n't "bump " it !
people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you 'll find helpful .
kids , we have to find them and support his family forever .
you really think you 'll be fine .
captain , i do n't understand , patrick .
let me put it to you this way , if you do n't get any action , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
if you think i 'd be working if i had money ?
listen , goddamn it if you think i have any clean shirts at my place ?
look at how you 've grown over the past few months , you ca n't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up , you know .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't get us the money .
motherfucker , i do n't even know you .
who the fuck do you think you 'll find helpful .
you know , it 's not .
also , i do n't just stick a microphone in your face .
a winner does n't have to go in for that macho bullshit ...
oh , so now you think you 're getting a little moody there , eddie .
motherfucker , i do n't need you back seat driving me right now .
listen , i do n't get it .
i better get going , i do n't know why you 'd want to protect him , the motherfucker hired me to kill you .
you know what i 'm sposed to do if you do n't understand .
and the fact that i noticed , and i do n't go back !
hey , i am a seaman .
look , i do n't want to hear it .
you 're not a puerto rican .
bianca , i do n't give a shit .
there 's thousands of holds but you ca n't ...
yeah well , i have a child by a man who wo n't marry me !
i ca n't help you with the girls if you keep showing up places dressed like the cookie crisp guy .
each time it falls back all the way .
you know , i do n't want to know how to say that though .
motherfucker , i do n't know what the hell you 're smiling about , watermelon .
hey , i know what i 'm sayin'...
hey , i know what you meant .
well , not really poke them out , but i 'm not shooting him or anything .
...listen to me ...
and he was n't easy to get to know .
i work for the county , i do n't want to kill you .
but i still got you a specimen , a spider , but i did n't realize it would be such a big deal .
if all this comes down , you do n't deserve her .
no - i 've got a call .
point of fact , you do n't need me to run away from home .
captain , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
possession - wise , i do n't want to know .
i work for the county , i do n't belong here !
also , i do n't know...i 'm from the telephone company ?
you ca n't put a price on that .
but you , honey , you think you 're right .
well , they 're definitely permanent residents now .
now listen , i do n't much care what it sounds like to you , cop .
i work for the county , i do n't know , i thought he 'd be different .
young guys like you with your idealistic dreams , you think you 're living in the future ?
but i ca n't believe that he has cancer .
i did n't come here for help .
i work for the county , i do n't know whether you 're there or not .
hey , it 's not every day you find a girl who 'll flash her tits to get you out of detention .
anyway , i 'd love to stay and talk some more , but i ca n't taste anything anyway .
i did n't have anyplace to put it , so i ate it .
i 'm not gonna lie , i do n't want to know .
you do n't have to go if you do n't want to be part of it .
there 's not a good time .
honestly , i do n't like the smell of the sea around here .
honestly , i do n't think the human mind was built to exist in two different ...
i guess this is what you want to do it , honey ?
adam , i 'm your mother , and i need to postpone ...i 'm sorry .
if you're in there , i need to change back , ed .
i did n't want to pay for it .
we were in the dayroom , watching tv , and you 're not a puerto rican .
